

1 :
I heard a low mechanical sound from far away.

The breeze passed through the trees' leaves,
making them rustle.

The same wind gently caressed my cheeks.

...............

Wind?

Rustling leaves?

I opened my eyes slowly.


2 :
I didn't know where I was for a moment.

Had there been such a place in LeMU?


3 :
I looked up.

There was no ceiling.

There was just a sprawling, starry sky.

It was not like a fake sky like in the Cosmic
Whale room, but a sky that felt broad and
infinite.


4 :
I was... on the ground.

More precisely, I was on the floating island,
Insel Null.

Yes, I had... No, we had swum to it...

The nearly 34 meters from Zweiter Stock to the
surface...

Somehow, I had climbed into the emergency
entrance of Insel Null holding the unconscious
Sara in my arms.

I remembered checking to see if Sara was
alright.

After that, I probably fainted from fatigue
and a lack of oxygen.

I awoke with a start, looked around, and was
relieved to see Sara lying down next to me.

Her chest rose and fell faintly. I could hear
the regular sound of her breathing.

I looked around again.

I checked around the edge of Insel Null, which
was a lush park.

I could see the administration center, hotel,
and a tower of light behind the trees.

It was still dark, so it didn't seem like I'd been
unconscious for very long.

Maybe about an hour or so...

I was... impressed that we had been able to
swim all the way to the surface...

I went over it again in my head.

Suddenly, a conversation in the control room
with Sora came to my mind.


5 :

{S1C046}
[Sora]
Imagine a fifteen-story building.


{S1C047}
[Sora]
"Or five three-story school buildings stacked 
on top of each other."

[Kid]
Five schools stacked...

[Kid]
No way. I couldn't swim that.


6 :

{S1C048}
[Sora]
Well, then how about a ten-story building?


{S1C049}
[Sora]
"The depth of Zweiter Stock only amounts to
34 meters."

[Kid]
34 meters...


7 :
How had I responded to Sora...?


8 :
I remembered. I had said it was impossible.

Sora said I was being rational.


9 :
Hadn't I said that I thought I could swim it?


Sora talked about the pressure and said it was
impossible...


10 :
But...


11 :
{1}{1}

{16:0}Even Sora could be wrong.{16:1}

{1}

{16:0}We were able to swim it, Sora.{16:1}

{16:4}

12 :
...That reminded me... I wondered what had
happened to Sora.

Had she suffered the equivalent of death from
the blackout...?

{1}

No. Sora was RSD-generated.

She wasn't human.

She couldn't die.

{16:4}

13 :
I knew that, but I had been with her for such
a long time.

And Sora was... how could I describe it?
She was so... human...

I felt a blunt sense of sadness, as if I had
lost a close friend.


14 :

{SEP000}
[Sara]
Uh, ummmm...

Sara's voice pulled me back to reality.

It was not the time to be thinking about
such things.

[Kid]
Sara... Sara?

I shook Sara's shoulder gently.


{SEP001}
[Sara]
Uh, ummm, ah...

Sara opened her eyes slightly.


{SEP002}
[Sara]
O.. nii... chan?

Her eyes soon grew wide.

Sara hurriedly sat up.


15 :

{SEP003}
[Sara]
Onii-chan, where are we...?

Sara didn't seem to understand the situation.

[Kid]
Sara, this is Insel Null.


16 :

{SEP004}
[Sara]
So... So we...

[Kid]
We're safe now. We made it.

[Kid]
Over 34 meters from Zweiter Stock...


17 :

{SEP005}
[Sara]
Are we... still alive...?

[Kid]
Yes. We're both still alive.


18 :

{SEP006}
[Sara]
We did it! We did it!

[Kid]
Yeah Sara. We did it. We survived.


{SEP007}
[Sara]
Yeah... Thank you, onii-chan.

[Kid]
I told you to trust me.


19 :

{SEP008}
[Sara]
Yes, you did.

Sara smiled.


20 :
She suddenly put her hand on her chest.

She was probably touching the pendant under
her shirt, checking to make sure it was still
there.


21 :
Looking relieved, she pulled the pendant out
and grasped it in her hand.


{SEP009}
[Sara]
Thank you...

Sara whispered softly.

I knew that the pendant was an irreplaceable
lucky charm for Sara.

Her face suddenly clouded over as she spoke.


22 :

{SEP010}
[Sara]
"Hey, onii-chan... what happened to Nakkyu,
Takeshi, and the others?"

[Kid]
I think they're alright.

[Kid]
"By the time I turned back, they'd already 
climbed fairly high."

[Kid]
"If they kept going, they should've reached 
the surface."


23 :

{SEP011}
[Sara]
Really? That's good to hear.

Sara looked relieved.


24 :

{SEP012}
[Sara]
We can't stay here forever...

We had made it to the surface safely, but Sara
didn't look very well.

Was she worried about being taken back to
Leiblich after all?

[Kid]
Hey, Sara...


25 :

{SEP013}
[Sara]
What?

[Kid]
Let's just keep running. Let's run away.


{SEP014}
[Sara]
Run away?

[Kid]
Yes. From them... I mean, from Leiblich.


26 :

{SEP015}
[Sara]
No... It's impossible...

[Kid]
It is possible.


{SEP016}
[Sara]
How can you say that?


{SEP017}
[Sara]
You know about them, right?

[Kid]
Think about it, Sara.

[Kid]
This island has to be in utter chaos.

[Kid]
"Right? LeMU was flooded, and the whole complex is 
totally destroyed..."

[Kid]
"And since Y¤u and the others got out, this 
place should be in major confusion, right?"


27 :

{SEP018}
[Sara]
Ah... Yeah, I suppose...

[Kid]
"They'll be telling everyone how we were left 
behind in LeMU."

[Kid]
And for Y¤u and the others, it's the truth.

[Kid]
"If Leiblich has their doubts and tries to 
look into them, that's as far as they can 
investigate."


28 :

{SEP019}
[Sara]
Right...

[Kid]
"So right now, everyone, including Leiblich's 
people, will be turning their attention to 
LeMU and looking under the ocean."

[Kid]
"They might actually think that we're already 
dead..."


{SEP020}
[Sara]
Yes, that's true!

[Kid]
So...

[Kid]
Now is...


29 :

{SEP021}
[Sara]
It's our chance, isn't it!?

[Kid]
"Yeah, right now is the chance we've been 
waiting for."


30 :

{SEP022}
[Sara]
You're so incredible, onii-chan!

[Kid]
"We're already here, so it's impossible for 
them to find us in LeMU."

[Kid]
And if they don't find us in LeMU...

[Kid]
"They'll expand their search for us to the 
sea around this area."


31 :

{SEP023}
[Sara]
Right.

[Kid]
"They might suspect that we died and the 
current carried us off somewhere..."


{SEP024}
[Sara]
"In the meantime, if we hide somewhere, they 
shouldn't be able to follow us, right?"

[Kid]
"Well, I'm not sure if we can pull it all off 
that easily..."

[Kid]
"But we'll still have a big head start 
before they figure out the truth."


32 :

{SEP025}
[Sara]
Yeah, right!


33 :

{SEP026}
[Sara]
Oh... but...

Suddenly, Sara looked down.


{SEP027}
[Sara]
"But... how are we going to escape from this 
island?"

[Kid]
What?


{SEP028}
[Sara]
"I mean, we can't escape without a way off of 
this island, right?"

[Kid]
Yeah... That's...


34 :

{SEP029}
[Sara]
That's?

Sara looked at me as if she was full of
confidence in me.

[Kid]
Uh... Ah... Well...

She had me. I hadn't thought about that.

I thought we would be alright if we could just
make it to the surface...

[Sara]
...

I desperately tried to think of something.

[Kid]
I know! I've got it!

[Kid]
"There should be all kinds of people around 
right now that aren't normally here, like 
construction workers and technical staff."

[Kid]
"So ships and helicopters should come and go 
frequently."

[Kid]
"First of all... we find some clothes and 
change."

[Kid]
"Especially your uniform... It really stands 
out."


{SEP030}
[Sara]
Oh... You're right.

Sara looked herself over again.

[Kid]
"And... if we can't get aboard a helicopter, 
then we can sneak onto some ship and get to a port..."

[Kid]
And after that, we're going to be alright!


35 :

{SEP031}
[Sara]
"You're amazing! You really thought this 
through."

[Kid]
Oh, uh... Thanks.

Sara smiled innocently.

I wanted to protect that smile forever.


I thought once more that it would be my mission.

[Kid]
Let's go, Sara.


36 :
I held out my left hand to Sara.

Sara reached out to me hesitantly.

I held her hand and squeezed it tight.

The warmth of her soft hand spread to mine.


For an instant, the memory of Sara holding my
thumb flashed across my mind.

That fragment in my hand... That shard had
helped me retrieve my memory and rediscover
the bond between Sara and me.

[Kid]
Let's go, Sara.


{SEP032}
[Sara]
Okay, onii-chan.

[Kid]
We're going to be free!


{SEP033}
[Sara]
Free...

[Kid]
Yes, free!


{SEP034}
[Sara]
Yeah!

I would never leave Sara again.

I would protect Sara no matter what.

We started running...

Toward freedom...

































































