

1 :
We finally gathered again in the conference
room.


2 :
Even though I had just embarrassed myself in
front of everyone, they all acted as if
nothing had happened.


3 :
We were killing time...

We still couldn't think of any way to escape.


Still, we didn't want to feel like we were
completely wasting our time.

So we all decided to wander around LeMU one
more time.

As we made the rounds, Takeshi said...

'Whaddya think the record is for running from
one end of LeMU to the other?'

'I think we should try to give the tuna
sandwiches a completely new flavor!'

He made a number of stupid comments.

We all (with the exception of Tsugumi, of
course) listened, half exasperated and half
interested.

We all knew...

As long as we were doing something, it kept
our minds off things we couldn't change...

Like about how there was no way out, or
remembering where we were.


4 :
We decided to meet at 8 p.m. for dinner.

Everyone was left to wander around freely
until then.

I decided to help Y工 try to repair the
infirmary scanning machine.


5 :
Of course, it was kind of an indirect 'thank
you' to her for looking after me when I was
feeling down two days before.


6 :
Of course, it was kind of an indirect 'thank
you' to her for looking after me twice and
worrying about my lost memory.


7 :

{S3C000}
[Y工]
Alright then... Shall we get started?


8 :
Y工 plopped down on the floor with the tools
and parts, spreading out the repair manual.

Of course, the repairs were Y工's job. I was
just there to help.

I was getting used to handing her the tools
and was getting better at predicting which
tool would be used next.

I thought that if there were an exam for
expertise in handing pliers or screws, I would
pass with flying colors.

But the repairs were tougher than I imagined.


9 :

{S3C001}
[Y工]
Ummmphhh!

Y工 grunted as she stared at the diagram.

[Kid]
You still haven't figured it out?


10 :

{S3C002}
[Y工]
Maybe if you'd be quiet I might!


11 :

{S3C003}
[Y工]
It's not here...

[Kid]
.........

She searched all over but couldn't find the
cause of the problem.

Y工 said everything looked normal.

In other words, there was no sign of anything
broken.


12 :

{S3C004}
[Y工]
"Geez! This good-for-nothing...! Stupid, 
idiotic...!"


13 :

{S3C005}
[Y工]
Argghhh!

All of a sudden, Y工 lost her cool, pounded
on the diagram, and kicked the toolbox.


14 :
Wham!


{S3C006}
[Y工]
*Pant*, *pant*, *pant*...

[Kid]
Hey, that's not very grown up of you.

[Y工]
.........

[Kid]
"You know, you could ask Sora about how to fix 
it later."

[Y工]
.........

[Kid]
You want to clean up for now?


15 :

{S3C007}
[Y工]
Oh... Sorry.


16 :

{S3C008}
[Takeshi]
Hey, so here the two of you are.

[Kid]
Oh, hey, Takeshi.


17 :

{S3C009}
[Y工]
What are you doing here, Kuranari?


18 :

{S3C010}
[Takeshi]
"Nothing, really. I just thought I'd get 
some coffee or something to wake me up."


{S3C011}
[Takeshi]
"What about you two? What are you and the Kid 
up to?"


{S3C012}
[Y工]
You can't tell by looking?


19 :

{S3C013}
[Takeshi]
If I could, do you think I'd be asking?

[Kid]
"Takeshi, do you think you could lend us a 
hand?"


20 :

{S3C014}
[Takeshi]
"Sure... I can do that. You want help picking 
up this stuff?"

[Kid]
Yeah.


21 :
We split up and started picking up the tools
strewn around the room.

Screwdrivers and screws had flown all the way
to the walls.

.........


22 :

{S3C015}
[Y工]
Uh, do you think we got everything?

[Kid]
No. There's one more right there...


23 :
There was something in the corner.


24 :

{S3C016}
[Takeshi]
Hey, what's this?

Takeshi picked up something that looked like
an electric plug...

No, it WAS an electric plug.

The cable continued, disappearing under the
floor. It was embedded there.

[Y工]
.........

[Kid]
.........


25 :

{S3C017}
[Takeshi]
I wonder what this is supposed to power.

In the wall was an outlet, the same as in the
home.


26 :
Takeshi stuck the plug into the wall.


27 :
Whiiiiiiiiiiir...


28 :
[Kid]
Hey, something is moving!


{S3C018}
[Takeshi]
"Oh. Hey, looks like it was for that machine 
over there."


29 :
[Y工]
.........


30 :
[Kid]
Which means...


{S3C019}
[Y工]
...It would appear unplugged.

[Kid]
...

[Y工]
...


31 :

{S3C020}
[Takeshi]
Hey... By the way...

Takeshi shot a question at me and Y工, who were
speechless.


{S3C021}
[Takeshi]
What were you doing here anyway?

[Kid]
.........


32 :
[Y工]
..........


33 :

{S3C022}
[Takeshi]
?


34 :
Just then, somebody else appeared.


35 :
...It was Tsugumi.

But when she saw us, she...


36 :

{S3C023}
[Tsugumi]
Tsk.


37 :
She clicked her tongue in an irritated way
and turned to leave the room.


38 :
The door opened again immediately.


39 :
...That time it was Sara.

It could have been my imagination, but she
looked kind of angry about something.

Sara stood her ground, blocking the exit so
that Tsugumi couldn't leave.


{S3C024}
[Tsugumi]
Out of the way.


{S3C025}
[Sara]
Quit running away and answer.


{S3C026}
[Tsugumi]
I said out of the way.


{S3C027}
[Sara]
I said give me an answer!

It seemed like the two of them were fighting.

(But I wonder why...)

I couldn't think of any reason the two of
them would want to fight.


40 :

{S3C028}
[Tsugumi]
"If you keep shouting, the three of them will 
hear."


{S3C029}
[Sara]
I don't care!

[Tsugumi]
.........


41 :

{S3C030}
[Takeshi]
Hey... You two, what's up?

Takeshi asked that as he approached them.


42 :

{S3C031}
[Tsugumi]
That's what I want to know.

Tsugumi said that, mixed with a sigh.

And then, she gave Takeshi the evil eye.


43 :

{S3C032}
[Tsugumi]
What are you all planning anyway?


44 :

{S3C033}
[Takeshi]
"Wh-what... are we? What are YOU planning? Stop 
with the nonsense already."

[Tsugumi]
.........


{S3C034}
[Y工]
Hey, Mayo, what happened?

[Sara]
.........

Y工 said it as if to calm Sara's nerves.

She still looked pretty riled up.

She was staring at Tsugumi bitterly.

[Kid]
Tsugumi...


45 :
[Tsugumi]
............

(...Huh?)

For an instant, I thought that... Tsugumi's face
twisted sadly.


46 :

{S3C035}
[Tsugumi]
Now get out of my way!

As she turned around, Tsugumi tried to push
Sara out of the way.

Sara resisted.


47 :

{S3C036}
[Sara]
"So what? Did you run away from him the same 
as you're trying to run from me now?"

Sara said that as the two of them wrestled.


48 :
[Tsugumi]
...

Tsugumi stopped moving.


49 :

{S3C037}
[Sara]
So you did...


50 :
[Tsugumi]
...

Sara crossed her arms tightly.


51 :

{S3C038}
[Sara]
You're disgusting...


52 :

{S3C039}
[Sara]
You're inhuman!


53 :

{S3C040}
[Tsugumi]
!

Tsugumi lifted up her right hand as if to hit
Sara.


54 :
But Takeshi grabbed her hand.


{S3C041}
[Takeshi]
Hey! Calm down!

Sara didn't miss her chance.


55 :
Slap!


56 :
Sara's open palm echoed on Tsugumi's cheek.


57 :

{S3C042}
[Tsugumi]
You little!


58 :

{S3C043}
[Sara]
Ah!

The raging Tsugumi threw off Takeshi and
stole from Sara whatever it was she was
holding.

She went to throw whatever it was she had
against the wall...


59 :

{S3C044}
[Tsugumi]
Agh!

But she stopped an instant before.


60 :

{S3C045}
[Takeshi]
Stop!

Takeshi went to grab her arm.

Tsugumi's arm went slack, and something slipped
to the floor.


61 :
It clattered loudly...

Something glittered as it bounced.

...It looked like a pendant.


62 :
Sara scooped up the pendant as if she were
picking up a fragile piece of ice.

[Sara]
...

Sara's back quivered tensely.

Sara looked down, dropping her head.

She squeezed her fist around the pendant.


{S3C046}
[Y工]
Mayo?

Y工 said it softly, but Sara didn't appear to
hear.


63 :
Sara lifted her face.

Biting her lip, she glared at Tsugumi.


Both of her eyes were welling up with tears.

[Sara]
............

[Tsugumi]
............

Tsugumi stared coldly at Sara as if looking
down at her from far above.

Sara withstood the glare and stared back at
Tsugumi, enraged. She continued to resist
silently, trying not to shed tears, not to
sob.

The scene was just like...

Just like...


64 :
Just like... How to put it?

It was like the emotion that was about to
explode to the surface had sunk away to
nothingness.


65 :
The next thing I knew, Tsugumi had turned to
leave the room.

Sara still focused her glare on Tsugumi.

I looked back and forth between the two of
them...

Finally, I let my eyes trail off after Tsugumi.

Y工 was there to help Sara.

But first, I wanted to find out what the fight
was all about.


66 :
It was just like...


67 :

{1}{1}{1}{1}



{S3B095}
{16:0}It's all your fault!{16:1}

68 :
[Kid]
Y-you...

A hot surge of hate raced through me.


[Kid]
"Who the hell do you think you are!? You 
good-for-nothing...!"


69 :
I screamed and grabbed Tsugumi by the collar.


{S3C047}
[Y工]
What are you doing? Stop it!


70 :
Y工 grabbed me from behind and pulled me away
from Tsugumi.

[Kid]
Let go! Let go! I said, let go of me!

I continued to struggle violently.

I was like a desperate beast, devoid of all
reason.

With my fangs bared and a thirst for blood.


71 :
What was left of my mind had ceased to be 'me'.

.........

......

...





















































































































