

1 :

{T6B000}
[Y¤u]
"I'm going to scan her, so put her up on the 
table!"

Y¤u pointed to the L-MRI.


2 :
Tsugumi and I laid £o¢o down on the flat table.


£o¢o continued to breathe in her short,
shallow manner. Although she had stopped
coughing up blood, she seemed to be in a lot
of pain.

Her body lay still.


3 :
The arm of the L-MRI soon came to life and
started a laser scan.

The Kid came up to the side of the table and
stared at £o¢o, looking as if he would burst
into tears.

[Takeshi]
"Sora, put the results up on the screen so 
everyone can see them."


4 :

{T6B001}
[Sora]
Okay...


5 :
Suddenly, a few holographic windows appeared
in the air.

Images‡Lincluding a thermal scan, ultrasound
analysis, cross-sectional representations
of her body, and a laser sampling‡Lwere
all displayed one after another.


Of course, none of us were doctors, so there
was little we could understand about her
condition by looking at the pictures.

All we could do was wait for the scanning
equipment and LeMMIH's system to give us an
answer.

We stared as the images that flashed by on
the screen and prayed.


6 :
Then...

The results suddenly appeared.

'Tief Blau 2017-Rev.17'


7 :

{T6B002}
[Sora]
Tief Blau...!


{T6B003}
[Y¤u]
...Huh?

[Takeshi]
What'd you say?


{T6B004}
[Sora]
No...

Sora hurriedly shut down the holographic
window.

She bit her lip and stared down in shock.


8 :
[Sora]
.........

Her expression showed how serious the
situation was.

[Takeshi]
Sora...?


{T6B005}
[Y¤u]
What's wrong, Sora? If you don't tell us...


9 :

{T6B006}
[Y¤u]
"If you don't tell us, we don't know what's 
going on..."

[Sora]
.........


{T6B007}
[Sora]
...I can't believe it.


{T6B008}
[Sora]
I just can't believe it...

[Takeshi]
What... What don't you believe?


{T6B009}
[Sora]
£o¢o-chan's been...


10 :

{T6B010}
[Sora]
£o¢o-chan has been infected.


{T6B011}
[Y¤u]
Infected...?

[Takeshi]
What!?


{T6B012}
[Sora]
...It's...

Sora was unable to suppress her agitation and
opened her mouth hesitantly.


11 :

{T6B013}
[Sora]
Tief Blau.


{T6B014}
[Sora]
"It is a powerful virus with a very high 
mortality rate."


{T6B015}
[Y¤u]
Tief... Blau...

Tief Blau...?


12 :
A virus that was totally different than the
one Tsugumi had...?


13 :

{T6B016}
[Kid]
£o¢o, £o¢o!

The Kid ran over to £o¢o's side and held on
to the table.


{T6B017}
[Kid]
£o¢o, hold on!


{T6B018}
[Kid]
...No! Don't you die on me!

He held onto £o¢o's arm as she lay there
unconscious.


14 :

{T6B019}
[Kid]
Open your eyes, £o¢o!

[£o¢o]
.........


{T6B020}
[Kid]
Please! Wake up!

[£o¢o]
.........

The Kid grabbed hold of £o¢o's shoulders
and shook her violently.


15 :
[Takeshi]
Hey, cut it out! Stop it, Kid!

I pried his hands off £o¢o and pulled him
away from her.


16 :

{T6B021}
[Kid]
What are you doing!?

[Takeshi]
Jackass! Calm the hell down!

[Takeshi]
"What do you think that's going to accomplish, 
huh!?"


17 :

{T6B022}
[Kid]
But £o¢o's gonna... She's gonna!


18 :

{T6B023}
[Kid]
"If we don't do anything, £o¢o's... going to 
die!"

The Kid groaned in despair.

[Takeshi]
"Calm down. There's got to be something we can 
do..."

[Kid]
.........

[Takeshi]
"Don't get crazy. Let's just calm down and 
think..."


19 :
[Kid]
.........

The Kid somehow quieted down.

He breathed heavily and glared at me.


20 :
[Takeshi]
What do you think we should do, Y¤u?


21 :

{T6B024}
[Y¤u]
Don't ask me... I have no idea.


{T6B025}
[Y¤u]
Sora, isn't there anything we can do?


22 :

{T6B026}
[Sora]
"...If we take emergency measures, it is 
possible."


{T6B027}
[Sora]
But in order to do this...


23 :

{T6B028}
[Y¤u]
"Whatever it takes! If we don't hurry, 
then...!"

Y¤u stopped herself just short of screaming
out.


24 :

{T6B029}
[Y¤u]
"Please, Sora... You're the only one who can 
help us."


{T6B030}
[Y¤u]
Please tell us what to do.


25 :

{T6B031}
[Sora]
"You'll need serum. A serum to lessen the 
symptoms."


{T6B032}
[Y¤u]
Serum? What kind?


26 :

{T6B033}
[Sora]
It's... I don't know if it is here or not...


27 :

{T6B034}
[Y¤u]
Wh-what...!

Y¤u ran up to the wall and opened up a shelf
filled with medical tools.

Y¤u repeatedly asked Sora about the contents
as she tore through them.


28 :

{T6B035}
[Y¤u]
What about this!?


{T6B036}
[Sora]
No...


29 :

{T6B037}
[Y¤u]
It isn't this one!?


{T6B038}
[Sora]
No, it is not...


30 :

{T6B039}
[Y¤u]
How about this one!?


{T6B040}
[Sora]
Not that one either...


31 :
[Y¤u]
.........


{T6B041}
[Sora]
That one... isn't it either...


32 :
Y¤u dropped bottle after bottle of medicine
onto the floor.


33 :
Many of them exploded into pieces when they
hit.


{T6B042}
[Y¤u]
What are we going to do...!?


{T6B043}
[Y¤u]
What should we do? Answer me, Sora...!


34 :
[Sora]
.........


35 :

{T6B044}
[Sora]
I am sorry...


36 :
[Pipi]
.........


{PIPI_06}
[Pipi]
*Whine*...

Pipi came over to me and whined softly.


37 :

{T6B045}
[Sora]
...Oh!

Sora's face suddenly changed colors.


38 :

{T6B046}
[Sora]
Pipi, bring that over here! Quickly!


{T6B047}
[Y¤u]
Eh!?


{T6B048}
[Sora]
"That thing that Pipi has in his mouth! 
That's it!"

[Takeshi]
What!?


39 :
I quickly snatched whatever it was out of
Pipi's mouth and lifted it up.

[Takeshi]
Th-this!?


40 :

{T6B049}
[Y¤u]
It's the serum...!

It was a transparent capsule with orange
liquid inside of it.

[Takeshi]
How do we use it?


{T6B050}
[Sora]
"Break off the tip and inject the contents 
into £o¢o-chan!"

[Takeshi]
O-okay!

[Takeshi]
Y¤u, do your magic!


41 :
Y¤u ran over to where I was and grabbed the
serum out of my hand.


42 :
£o¢o held out a shaking arm.

Y¤u silently inserted the syringe into her
arm and administered the serum.


43 :
After a few minutes...

Although it was gradual, £o¢o's breathing
became more even, and the tremors in her body
settled down.


44 :

{T6B051}
[Sora]
It looks like it is taking effect.


{T6B052}
[Sora]
"Her condition has improved somewhat. The 
danger seems over for now..."


{T6B053}
[Y¤u]
Thank goodness...

Both Y¤u and Sora looked relieved.

Y¤u looked as if she could cry.


45 :
[Kid]
.........

[Tsugumi]
.........

The Kid looked up and let out a big sigh of
relief.

Tsugumi stared at £o¢o in silence.


46 :
[Takeshi]
Hey, Pipi...

[Takeshi]
"Who would've thought you'd find the serum... 
When did you get this?"

[Takeshi]
Where'd you find it?


{PIPI_07}
[Pipi]
*Whine*, *whiiiine*...

Pipi whined pitifully.


47 :
[Takeshi]
Alright...

Everyone gathered around the L-MRI where
£o¢o slept.

[Takeshi]
"Sora, tell us what you can about the Tief 
Blau virus."

[Takeshi]
That's the first time I've ever heard of it.

[Takeshi]
Does anyone else know anything about it?


48 :
When I asked the question, Y¤u, the Kid,
Tsugumi, even Pipi... all shook their heads.

[Takeshi]
You said it has a high mortality rate...

[Takeshi]
"You don't have any idea when or how £o¢o got 
this, do you?"


49 :
[Sora]
.........

[Takeshi]
"I don't care if it's only a guess. Or if 
you give me only the limited data you have."

[Takeshi]
I just want to know.

[Takeshi]
"£o¢o came down with this out of nowhere. It 
doesn't help the rest of us to be ignorant."


50 :

{T6B054}
[Sora]
You are right...

Sora got a strange expression on her face.

After thinking for a moment, she gave us a
wholehearted explanation.


51 :

{T6B055}
[Sora]
"Alright. I will tell you everything I know 
about the Tief Blau virus."

A heavy silence descended upon the emergency
room.

Every once in a while, the sensor from the
L-MRI would sound out £o¢o's vital signs,
the only noise to echo through the room.


{T6B056}
[Sora]
Tief Blau, or TB, was...

Sora started talking softly.


{T6B057}
[Sora]
"TB was developed at a research facility 
under LeMU. It is an extremely deadly virus."


52 :

{T6B058}
[Y¤u]
At a research facility? Under us...?

Y¤u's eyes opened wide.


{T6B059}
[Sora]
Yes...


{T6B060}
[Sora]
"There is an installation called IBF directly 
below us."


53 :

{T6B061}
[Y¤u]
IBF...


{T6B062}
[Tsugumi]
I knew it...


54 :
Tsugumi frowned.


{T6B063}
[Tsugumi]
"Well, it looks like we CAN get information out 
of this artificial intelligence after all, assuming the 
situation is dire enough..."


{T6B064}
[Tsugumi]
"I guess it isn't in your programming to keep 
a secret when someone's life is on the line."

[Sora]
.........


55 :

{T6B065}
[Tsugumi]
I'm sorry. Please continue, Sora...

After shaking her head lightly, Tsugumi let
out a sigh.


56 :

{T6B066}
[Sora]
Okay...


{T6B067}
[Sora]
"The management company that built LeMU is 
Leiblich Pharmaceuticals. Their research 
facility is IBF."


57 :
119 meters beneath LeMU, there were thermal
seafloor vents.

Living there were special microbes, which
couldn't be found in any other environment, and
Leiblich Pharmaceuticals created a research
institute in order to study them.

It was called 'IBF'‡L


58 :
'Institut für biologische Forschung'.

Translated, it meant 'The Institute for
Biological Research'.

{16:4}

59 :
LeMU and the research facility... Of the two,
the first to be built was the research
facility.

Building a theme park was apparently just a
front.

The researchers at IBF were listed as
managers of LeMU and were able to come and go
as they pleased.

That way, nobody would suspect that there was
actually a research facility present.

{16:4}

60 :
At the same time, they could also get
much-needed funds for research.

If they set up a successful theme park, they
could get pretty much all the money they
needed to run the research facility...

So Leiblich Pharmaceuticals continued to carry
out research into bacteria and viruses on the
bottom of the ocean... 119 meters underwater.

{16:4}

61 :

{T6B068}
[Sora]
The existence of IBF is highly confidential.


{T6B069}
[Sora]
"Only a select number of people know about it 
at Leiblich, even at LeMU..."


62 :

{T6B070}
[Sora]
"IBF and LeMU are controlled by separate 
computer systems..."


{T6B071}
[Sora]
Even I am only given limited information.


{T6B072}
[Sora]
"I only became sure of IBF's existence after 
connecting together fragments of information 
from this accident..."

[Takeshi]
Oh...


{T6B073}
[Y¤u]
"Anyway, there's a strange and deadly virus 
called TB they're doing research about at 
some research center under LeMU."


{T6B074}
[Y¤u]
"That's probably in order to find a cure for 
TB, right?"


63 :

{T6B075}
[Sora]
Yes, you are probably correct. In addition...


{T6B076}
[Sora]
"There is a medical center there that is far 
superior to this one."


{T6B077}
[Sora]
"At least from the information I can gather 
from LeMMIH's database..."


{T6B078}
[Sora]
"It appears that they have a new type of 
'high-pressure oxygen treatment device' 
there..."


{T6B079}
[Sora]
"And if we can treat her with that, her 
leukocyte, er, white blood cell activity 
should increase."


{T6B080}
[Sora]
That should ease £o¢o-chan's condition somewhat.


{T6B081}
[Sora]
"We might even encounter more of the serum 
that is effective in stabilizing the 
symptoms... the orange one that we found 
previously."

[Takeshi]
IBF, huh...?

[Takeshi]
Can we go there? How do we get there?


64 :

{T6B082}
[Kid]
W-wait...!

The Kid interrupted with a shout.


65 :

{T6B083}
[Kid]
Wait! This is crazy...


{T6B084}
[Kid]
Why would £o¢o suddenly come down with TB?


66 :

{T6B085}
[Kid]
"It doesn't make sense that she'd come down 
with that awful virus all of a sudden..."


{T6B086}
[Kid]
You don't think that's strange?


67 :
[Tsugumi]
.........


68 :

{T6B087}
[Tsugumi]
Well...


69 :

{T6B088}
[Tsugumi]
"Even if we want to help £o¢o, there isn't any 
equipment here to do that."


{T6B089}
[Tsugumi]
"The only lead we have for treating her is 
that research facility‡LIBF."


{T6B090}
[Tsugumi]
We'll have to look for reasons afterward.


70 :

{T6B091}
[Tsugumi]
"All we can do is trust what Sora tells us 
for now."


71 :
[Sora]
.........


72 :

{T6B092}
[Tsugumi]
"She isn't good enough at lying to make up 
something like this, right?"


{T6B093}
[Tsugumi]
I'm sorry for doubting you earlier...


73 :

{T6B094}
[Tsugumi]
I believe what Sora's telling us.

Tsugumi smiled slightly.


74 :

{T6B095}
[Sora]
...Thank you.

Sora nodded sincerely.


{T6B096}
[Y¤u]
Yeah, I believe her too.


{T6B097}
[Y¤u]
We can't just sit back twiddling our thumbs.


{T6B098}
[Y¤u]
Let's consider the best option.

I looked at Y¤u and Sora, then nodded.


{T6B099}
[Y¤u]
Does that sound good to you? Kid?


{T6B100}
[Kid]
Y-yeah. Alright.


75 :
[Takeshi]
Alright, okay...

[Takeshi]
So it's decided then. We're going to IBF.

[Takeshi]
"It's the only chance we've got at saving 
£o¢o."


76 :

{T6B101}
[Sora]
"However, in order to get to IBF, we have to 
get through Himmel... and Himmel's door isn't 
opening."

[Takeshi]
"I don't care, we're going! We don't have any 
other options. Show me the way."

[Takeshi]
It might not work...

[Takeshi]
But we don't know that unless we try, right!?

[Sora]
.........


77 :
[Takeshi]
Hey, Kid... Give me a hand!


{T6B102}
[Kid]
O-okay.

I picked up £o¢o's inert body and carried her
piggyback.


78 :
We went down the lift and then to the cramped
emergency corridor.


79 :
Tsugumi and the Kid supported £o¢o, who was
on my back, from both sides.

Sora and Pipi went on ahead. Y¤u brought
along a first aid kit just in case.

We were headed for Dritter Stock some
seventeen meters below...


80 :
We made it to the third floor.


81 :
We ran as quickly as we could go.

To where the locked door was waiting for us.

Using all the strength we had.

And all the power of our prayers.

We flew forward.


82 :
[Takeshi]
Here we are...

We all stopped in front of the door.

I briefly put £o¢o down and leaned her up
against the wall.

The Kid went up to £o¢o and lent her his
shoulder.

'HIMMEL'‡L

The door that wouldn't open.

[Takeshi]
Sora, I'm just asking to make sure...


83 :

{T6B103}
[Sora]
What...?

[Takeshi]
What does Himmel mean?


{T6B104}
[Sora]
It means 'sky' in German.


{T6B105}
[Sora]
Or 'heaven'...

[Takeshi]
Heaven, huh...?

They sure had given it an ironic name.


84 :
So... the question was, how in the world were
we going to open that door?

85 :
{11:0-d6}
{11:2-d0}Ask Sora

{11:2-d1}Ask Y¤u

{11:2-d2}Ask Tsugumi


86 :
[Takeshi]
"Can you tell me what the access code to the 
electronic lock is?"

I asked Sora again.


87 :

{T6B106}
[Sora]
"It is unknown to me. It was only given to 
the IBF researchers and exclusive staff."

[Takeshi]
Even a hint would help...


88 :

{T6B107}
[Sora]
I will try to find what it is!


89 :
As soon as she said that, a transparent
keyboard and console appeared in front of her.


90 :

{T6B108}
[Sora]
"Accessing the security block for LeMMIH's 
system..."


{T6B109}
[Sora]
Bypassing Himmel's protection key.


91 :
The buttons on the electronic lock started to
flash.


92 :

{T6B110}
[Sora]
LeMMIH, please listen to me...


{T6B111}
[Sora]
Please don't fight me...

Sora was tapping furiously on the keyboard,
battling with the system that was locking the
door.


93 :

{T6B112}
[Sora]
Ah!


94 :
Snap!

It looked to me almost as if sparks were
flying in the air...

Sora's hands flew across the virtual keyboard.


95 :

{T6B113}
[Sora]
Agh...!

Unfazed, she continued to type.


96 :
Crack!


97 :
SNAP!

Sparks violently scattered out one after
another.


98 :

{T6B114}
[Sora]
Ow!


99 :
Her RSD image wavered, and the virtual
keyboard disappeared.

[Takeshi]
Sora, are you okay!?


100 :

{T6B115}
[Sora]
I'm sorry, I was denied access...

Her image continued to flicker for a while.


101 :
The next thing to try was...

102 :
[Takeshi]
"Hey, Y¤u, is there any way to get around this 
lock that you know of?"

[Takeshi]
...Huh? Where'd Y¤u go?


{T6B116}
[Y¤u]
Kuranari! Outta the way!

[Takeshi]
Eh?


103 :
Turning toward the voice coming from a few
meters behind me, I saw Y¤u throw down
the first aid kit she had been carrying.

[Takeshi]
Huh? Uwwaaaah!

She immediately came hurtling toward me as if
possessed.


104 :

{T6B117}
[Y¤u]
Wwoooooooooooooooaaaah!!

She looked furious.


105 :
I stumbled back away from the door.


106 :

{T6B118}
[Y¤u]
Aaaaaiiiiii!


107 :
‡LCRASH!

With a perfect flying drop-kick, she threw
open the panel to the electronic lock.

[Takeshi]
"Wh-wh-what are you doing!? This isn't the time 
to be goofing off!"


108 :

{T6B119}
[Y¤u]
"If it won't open any other way, I'm going to 
break it down!"

Y¤u shouted as she leaned over panting.

[Takeshi]
That's a little extreme...

[Takeshi]
"Well, how about it? Does it look like it's 
going to open?"


109 :
[Y¤u]
.........


110 :

{T6B120}
[Y¤u]
Aaagh! It won't budge at all!

Neither the door nor the panel had changed
at all.


111 :

{T6B121}
[Y¤u]
Aaatatatatatatatatata!


112 :
Y¤u began hitting the lock with a renewed
vigor, uttering strange noises.


113 :
But all the lock did was make error sounds
and ask politely for her to reenter the
password.


114 :

{T6B122}
[Y¤u]
*Sigh*...


115 :

{T6B123}
[Y¤u]
Ouch...

In the end, Y¤u ended up with a sprained
finger and went back to the first aid kit.


116 :
Next, I...

117 :
[Takeshi]
"Tsugumi, do you think there's a way to open 
it up?"


118 :

{T6B124}
[Tsugumi]
What are you talking about, Takeshi...?


{T6B125}
[Tsugumi]
"I'm wracking my brains thinking about the 
same thing."

[Takeshi]
Ah, oooh... Yeah, right.


119 :
[Tsugumi]
.........

After thinking for a bit, Tsugumi asked Sora a
question.


120 :

{T6B126}
[Tsugumi]
"Do you know what kind of process this door 
goes through when it opens?"


{T6B127}
[Sora]
Okay, let me see...


{T6B128}
[Sora]
"After the correct keys are input, a lever 
embedded inside the hatch should start to 
raise."


{T6B129}
[Sora]
"As that lever turns, the lock on the door is 
released."


121 :

{T6B130}
[Sora]
"However, the lever is nothing more than an 
ornament now. It is turned automatically using 
electricity... and the motor is usually locked 
in place."


122 :

{T6B131}
[Tsugumi]
"Yeah... I suppose they designed it so that you 
couldn't open it up during an emergency on 
purpose."


{T6B132}
[Tsugumi]
In that case...


123 :
She pulled out a flat-head screwdriver.


(Where'd she get that from...?)


124 :

{T6B133}
[Tsugumi]
"If we can get that lever off, maybe we can 
open this up manually."

She began to insert the tip of the
screwdriver into the gap between the door's
panel lines.

And...


125 :

{T6B134}
[Tsugumi]
Haaa!


126 :
Tsugumi jammed the screwdriver in with all her
might.

She tried to dig out the lever buried in the
hatch by force.


127 :
The alloy screwdriver crushed like a piece of
candy.

The lever budged slightly toward the surface
of the door.

However...


128 :
Slam!

The screwdriver bent into two equal parts
from its handle.

And the lever snapped back into place.


129 :
[Tsugumi]
.........


{T6B135}
[Tsugumi]
There's nothing I can do.


130 :
Tsugumi threw the bent screwdriver on the
floor.


131 :
What next...

132 :
[Takeshi]
Damn! What are we going to do!?

[Kid]
.........

[Y¤u]
.........

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Sora]
.........

[£o¢o]
.........


{PIPI_06}
[Pipi]
*Whine*...


133 :
£o¢o was being supported by the Kid. She
couldn't stand by herself.

She was soon hunched over on the floor.


134 :
I tried pulling her up again, but... her face
quickly drained of all color.

(This is bad... If we don't... get in there
quickly...!)


135 :

{T6B136A}
[Announcement]
"<Öffnen Sie 

{T6B136B}
die Tür von HIMMEL.>"

136 :
Suddenly, a voice that I hadn't heard before
sounded from the corridor.

[Takeshi]
What's that announcement...?


137 :

{T6B137}
[Sora]
Someone is trying to access LeMMIH's system!

Sora flashed open her eyes and shouted.


{T6B138}
[Sora]
"From inside the room... From a terminal inside 
Himmel!"

[Takeshi]
What!?


138 :
The access indicator light for the electronic
lock turned green.


139 :
The hatch's lever raised and turned
automatically...


140 :
The door opened suddenly...


141 :
Stagnant air poured out of the room.

For some reason, the humidity felt like it was
lower than outside. The air conditioning was
humming quietly.

It was white...

It was pure white inside.

The whiteness of the wall and floor was
emphasized by the brightness of the lighting
and seemed to leap out at us.

Himmel‡Lit didn't necessarily seem like a
mistake to have named the room heaven.

The machines displayed nameplates with 'HIMMEL'
written on them.

It seemed that we were in the computer
control room.

[Takeshi]
H-hey! There's someone here...

[Takeshi]
Did he open up the door just now?

There was a single person in the room.

He was a man who appeared to be in his forties,
dressed in a white lab coat.

And...

Blood was coming from his mouth, and he had
passed out at a console.

[Takeshi]
Hey, buddy! Are you alright!?

[???]
.........

The man didn't reply to me. He just lay there
motionless.

[Takeshi]
Who is this guy...?

[Takeshi]
Sora, do you have any idea who this is?


142 :

{T6B139}
[Sora]
No, I am unable to verify his ID...


{T6B140}
[Sora]
"But judging from the way he is dressed, it 
is safe to assume he was a researcher at the 
IBF facility."


143 :
I put my hands on his shoulder and raised him
into a sitting position.

I looked over his white clothing to see if he
had any name tags or other way to determine
his name.

But he didn't have any ID card or nameplate
to check.


{T6B141}
[Researcher]
Uuugh...

[Takeshi]
"Hey, are you one of the staff from the 
research facility?"


{T6B142}
[Researcher]
Y-yeah... That's right...

Breathing faintly, the researcher replied.

He seemed to be unable to open his eyes and
searched for me by my voice.


{T6B143}
[Researcher]
"Doesn't seem like you're... here to rescue 
me..."

With a shaking hand, he grabbed onto me.

The hand was covered in blood...


{T6B144}
[Researcher]
"So there were still people in LeMU... and 
it's been six days since..."


{T6B145}
[Researcher]
Hahaha, what a surprise... *gagh*...

Blood trickled from his mouth, and he smiled
wryly.

[Takeshi]
"H-hey! Don't strain yourself. You don't have 
to talk!"


{T6B146}
[Researcher]
I'm so sorry... It's all our fault...

[Takeshi]
"What happened? Did something happen down 
there?"

[Researcher]
.........


{T6B147}
[Researcher]
But why all this...?


{T6B148}
[Researcher]
This...

After that, he was silent.

[Takeshi]
Hey! Hey! Hang in there!

[Researcher]
.........

I shook his shoulders, but he didn't reply.


144 :

{T6B149}
[Tsugumi]
"Takeshi, cut it out, you're shaking him too 
hard."


{T6B150}
[Tsugumi]
"He's unconscious. Just leave him alone for 
now."

[Takeshi]
O-okay...


145 :

{T6B151}
[Tsugumi]
We'll... We'll have to bring him with us.


146 :
I wondered what was going on.

...More importantly, I had to hurry!


I didn't have a clue what was going on, but I
couldn't worry about that.

We had to get £o¢o to IBF right away...


147 :
Y¤u, who had been waiting at the entrance to
Himmel, went inside with Pipi.


148 :
The Kid followed behind, carrying £o¢o.

The door had an electronic lock on it, so we
left it open.


149 :

{T6B152}
[Sora]
"Everyone, at the far end of this room is 
another room. Can you see it?"

[Takeshi]
Yeah...


{T6B153}
[Tsugumi]
Yes, I see it.

We all nodded.

There was a room on the other side of the
glass in front of us.


150 :

{T6B154}
[Sora]
That is the compression chamber for IBF.

Sora straightened up and explained the
situation without emotion.


151 :

{T6B155}
[Sora]
Judging from my incomplete data...


{T6B156}
[Sora]
"IBF is enclosed in higher pressure gas than 
LeMU. The IBF area is set to what is known as 
'saturated diving specifications'."


{T6B157}
[Sora]
"This type of area is also probably more 
suitable for research with bacteria... The 
atmospheric pressure of IBF is actually at 
about 12.5 atmospheres."


152 :

{T6B158}
[Sora]
I want all of you to enter that room.


{T6B159}
[Sora]
"And after you spend about one hour in the 
compression chamber, you'll take the access 
elevator down to IBF."


{T6B160}
[Sora]
And I should tell you this as a precaution...


{T6B161}
[Sora]
"You will not be able to retrace your steps 
easily from this point on. Please give this 
due consideration."

[Takeshi]
Ahhh...


153 :
We can't go back...

We've got to make a decision.

154 :
{11:0-d9}
{11:1}Alright, we're going!

{11:1}Wait just a second


155 :
[Takeshi]
Alright, we're going!

I looked at everyone.

Y¤u, the Kid, Tsugumi, Sora, and Pipi... all
nodded.


156 :
[Takeshi]
Hey, wait just a second!

As soon as I said that, Tsugumi glared needles
at me.


157 :

{T6B162}
[Tsugumi]
"What's the matter, Takeshi? You aren't 
chickening out now, are you?"

[Takeshi]
No, that's not it...

[Takeshi]
"If we're going to spend an hour stuffed into 
that little room, I just wanted to make sure 
everyone was ready."

[Takeshi]
"You know, check to see if everyone had gone 
to the bathroom..."

[Takeshi]
Brushed their teeth, taken a shower...

[Takeshi]
"And if you're going to bring a snack, make 
sure it's reasonable..."


158 :

{T6B163}
[Tsugumi]
*Sigh*...


{T6B164}
[Sora]
*Sigh*...

I heard two rather large sighs.


159 :

{T6B165}
[Tsugumi]
"Saying something like that at a time like 
this... You really are a moron."


{T6B166}
[Sora]
"Kuranari-san, it will only take one hour. I'm sure 
everyone can wait."


{T6B167}
[Sora]
More importantly, we need to hurry, okay?

It seemed that everyone was tired of my jokes.

I had just wanted to put everyone at ease...

[Takeshi]
Okay, alright, alright.


160 :
[Takeshi]
So let's get moving then!

When I said that again, Y¤u, the Kid,
Tsugumi, Sora, and Pipi... all nodded in unison.


161 :
The Kid and Y¤u held the unconscious £o¢o
between them.

Tsugumi and I picked up the researcher, and
Pipi took up the rear.

Everyone lined up at the transparent sliding
door on the far side of the room.


162 :
Sora used the control panel on a terminal to
open it up.


163 :
All of us entered the room together.

A single panel of reinforced glass lay in
between the control room and the compression
chamber.

More precisely, a chamber was set in the
middle of the room... It had been constructed
there.


164 :
We brought £o¢o and the researcher into the
room first and sat them down on chairs.

Both of them had ragged breathing, and they
looked to be in pain. Their faces were extremely
pale and sickly.

We needed to hurry...

I would hate to waste an hour there.


165 :
Y¤u, the Kid, Tsugumi, and Pipi all stood in
the open space available.

With everyone in there, it was fairly crowded.


{T6B168}
[Sora]
"Once the compression is completed, the door 
on the far side should open, and you can 
enter the elevator."

For some reason, Sora didn't enter the room,
but spoke to us from in front of the entrance.


{T6B169}
[Sora]
"I will expedite the compression process. It 
may be a little uncomfortable, but please 
bear with it."

And saying that, Sora went to close the door.


166 :
[Takeshi]
"Sora, what's wrong? You aren't coming with 
us?"


{T6B170}
[Sora]
Uh, no, I...

[Takeshi]
"Come on, let's get started. What are you 
waiting for?"

I casually reached out toward Sora.

I knew I couldn't grab her, but I did it
anyway.

However...


167 :

{T6B171}
[Sora]
Kyaaa!

As soon as I tried to touch her, sparks flew
into the air.

It felt as though a shock had gone through me.

A transparent wall suddenly appeared in front
of the door.

There was a red wall of flame...

[Takeshi]
What!?


168 :
Alarmed, I drew back my hand, and the door
closed.

[Takeshi]
Sora! Sora! What was...?


{T6B172}
[Sora]
"From this point on, this is the jurisdiction 
of a different computer system."

I heard Sora's voice talking to us calmly
over the speaker of the compression chamber's
intercom.


{T6B173}
[Sora]
"I am but a single part of the LeMMIH system... 
therefore, I am unable to go to IBF. I do 
not have the authority to access the area."


{T6B174}
[Sora]
I am sorry, but I will have to see you off.

The wall of fire had vanished.


169 :
We were in the compression chamber, shut off
from the rest of the world.

The sound of pumping gas, which was slowly
raising the air pressure, could be heard
throughout the chamber.

[Takeshi]
"Hey... Everyone, take out your voice 
converters. They get in the way when you're 
adjusting to the pressure."

Everyone did as I said and removed their
voice alternators.

I took out £o¢o's myself.

I checked the researcher, but it didn't seem
he was wearing any.

After that...

Hardly anyone said a word.

We were all waiting for the time to pass.

Sora could be seen outside of the chamber's
window.

She didn't move, only stood and watched us.


170 :
And then...


171 :
The lock from the door on the far side of the
chamber clicked and released.

I felt a subtle change in pressure, and the
lift down to IBF opened.

We all filed into it one by one.


{T6B175}
[Sora]
Everyone... take care.

We could hear her voice from the speaker on
the other side of the room.

But we couldn't see her.

I wondered if I would ever see her up close
again...

Cocking my head to one side, I thrust the
voice alternators back in my ears.


172 :
Everyone got aboard the lift.

And as soon as the doors closed, the elevator
started sliding down.


{T6B176}
[Announcement]
<Tiefe 70 meter...>


{T6B177}
[Announcement]
<Tiefe 80 meter...>


{T6B178}
[Announcement]
<Tiefe 90 meter...>

What could be below heaven?

More heaven, or...


{T6B179}
[Announcement]
<Tiefe 119 meter.>


173 :
The door to the elevator opened.

The passage extended in two directions from
the elevator room. I went in one of those.


174 :
Everything was totally dark, and I could
hardly tell where I was headed.

Fearfully, I took a step forward.


175 :
And suddenly, as if someone had noticed our
arrival, the lights went on in the room.

[Takeshi]
Is someone there?


{T6B180}
[Y¤u]
"Umm, I think they just turned on by 
themselves..."


{T6B181}
[Tsugumi]
"The sensors reacted, and the computer 
activated the lights?"


{T6B182}
[Kid]
I'm not sure, but... it's possible.

It seemed that there was a pool where a small
submarine could dock.

The pool was a two-layer structure, but there
was no sign that seawater would flow in.

It felt a little hot in there, but it seemed
as if the air conditioning was still working
properly.

Perhaps the place was even more comfortable
than the flooded Dritter Stock.

But... there was no sign of anyone.

[Takeshi]
Anyway, let's get to where we have to go.

We opened a watertight door at the other side
of the room and continued deeper into the
installation.


176 :
A passageway the same size as LeMU's emergency
corridors... no, maybe even smaller, led off
into the distance.

For some reason, the whole place seemed
colder, less alive than the structure above.

As we continued down the corridor, lights
would go on automatically a few meters in
front of us.

Well... it certainly seemed computer-controlled.


As we continued moving, the lights followed
us, lighting up only the areas around us.

The corridor branched off in a few
directions, but all of them ended at
watertight doors that were closed.

I wondered if IBF had entirely flooded except for one
part.

Anyway, the number of areas that we could
enter was limited.

Luckily, we found the examination room right
away.

I quickly turned the handle and opened the
door.


177 :
Y¤u and the Kid laid £o¢o down on a nearby
table.

Tsugumi and I slowly lowered the researcher down
into a chair.

There were a few ordinary beds in the
examination room and the same kind of
L-MRI that we had found in LeMU's infirmary.

There were numerous medical instruments that
looked like things you might only see in
a science fiction movie.

I wondered what in the world they were for...

I had no idea.

[Takeshi]
"Hey, Y¤u? Where is that high-pressure 
oxygen thing that Sora was talking about?"


{T6B183}
[Y¤u]
H-how should I know...?

[Takeshi]
Tsugumi, what should we do?


{T6B184}
[Tsugumi]
"Well, we'll have to look for it. None of us 
know a thing about this place."


{T6B185}
[Researcher]
*Gagh*... W-wait!

The researcher coughed as he spoke.

[Takeshi]
H-hey, don't move! Are you okay!?


{T6B186}
[Researcher]
I've been better... but at least I'm alive...

With his eyes closed, he raised his hands
weakly in response.


{T6B187}
[Researcher]
This smell... Is this IBF?


{T6B188}
[Researcher]
So I'm back where I started... *cough*...

[Takeshi]
So you WERE working here...

[Takeshi]
"Well then, there's something I want to ask 
you. We're looking for some kind of 
high-pressure oxygen treatment device."

[Takeshi]
"We've come as far as the examination room, 
but we don't have a clue what to look for. 
Can you help us? Please!"


{T6B189}
[Researcher]
"Oxygen treatment... Yeah, you're looking for 
the pods."


{T6B190}
[Researcher]
"There should be some alloy capsules with 
mats set inside of them."


{T6B191}
[Researcher]
"They look like a bunch of cylinders stuck to 
a pillar... You see them?"


178 :
[Takeshi]
Yeah, they're right in front of me.


{T6B192}
[Researcher]
That's them... *cough*...

[Takeshi]
"Hang in there...! We found them. So don't 
waste your energy talking anymore, okay?"

New blood appeared on the researcher's closed
hand as he wiped his mouth.


{T6B193}
[Researcher]
"Just take a look at the manual... They should 
be... easy to operate."

[Takeshi]
Okay, I gotcha...

The strength left the researcher's hand...

Just before he collapsed, I grabbed onto his
shoulder to support his body.

[Takeshi]
Let's put him in a pod. And £o¢o too...


{T6B194}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah...

Tsugumi and I got on either side of the
researcher and supported him.

We brought him over to where the three pods
were.

When I pressed the button on the side of one,
its hatch opened.

I put him down gently inside.

When I pressed the button again, the capsule
pod closed again silently.


179 :
The Kid and Y¤u laid £o¢o down in another pod.

The hatch to the pod closed soon after.


180 :
[Takeshi]
Did you find the manual?


{T6B195}
[Y¤u]
Yeah. This is the control panel...

Y¤u started operating a terminal a short
distance away.


{T6B196}
[Y¤u]
High-pressure oxygen treatment... set...

The screens of the monitors attached to the
tubes flickered. Both of the pods seemed
to be functioning normally.


{T6B197}
[Y¤u]
That should do it.

[Takeshi]
Okay...

The condition of the people inside the pods
was monitored and appeared on the control
panel.

Blood pressure, heart rate, respiration rate...

The expressions on their faces were even
visible.

I watched them for a few minutes.

£o¢o and the researcher whose name we didn't
know...

It was a slow process, but they both seemed
to be gradually returning to normal.


181 :

{T6B198}
[Y¤u]
I'm so relieved...


{T6B199}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah... Tell me about it.


{T6B200}
[Kid]
Yeah...

[Takeshi]
Looks like we made it in time.


{PIPI_00}
[Pipi]
*Woof*

We let out a collective sigh of relief.

It seemed as if we had escaped the worst for
the moment.


182 :
[Takeshi]
Well...

[Takeshi]
We don't have time to hang around, you know?

We didn't know if the situation at IBF
was any different than LeMU.

There might have been other survivors, or a way out,
even communications...

We could possibly even find information about
TB.

It was best to search as much as time would
allow.

Everyone agreed, so Tsugumi, the Kid, and I
went looking around IBF.

Y¤u had the most medical knowledge, so she
stayed in the examination room with Pipi to
look after £o¢o and the researcher.


183 :
Because we were unfamiliar with the area, the
three of us set out together to look around.

We walked all around IBF.

But...

Since there were only a few places, there
wasn't much to see.

Almost all of the corridors had been blocked
off.

And there were many doors that didn't open.

When I tried forcing open one of the doors...

A terrible smell started pouring out, so I
hurriedly closed it again.

From what I had seen during the brief moment
the door was open...

A few researchers covered in blood had died
while clawing at their throats.

I didn't really want to think of what had
happened there.

It wasn't hard to imagine that the situation
had been the same or worse than what happened
at LeMU.


184 :
Another room was empty of people, and there
were a few computer terminals there.

Operating the terminals, we were able to scan
through some of the information left there.

There was some information about Tief Blau...

{16:4}

185 :
Name: Tief Blau


186 :
Symptoms: Fever, chills, headache, aching
muscles, loss of appetite, vomiting,
diarrhea, stomach pains, etc.

As it progresses, the patient begins to
hemorrhage from the mouth, gums, conjunctiva,
nasal cavity, the skin, and the alimentary
canal, and has a high probability of dying.


Death rate after contracting the disease:{1}
over 85%.

{16:4}

187 :
Symptoms first appear similar to that of a
common cold, and while they may temporarily
improve, the patient's condition will again
rapidly deteriorate, resulting in hemorrhaging.

{16:4}

188 :
Incubation period: normally two to seven days.


189 :
.........

After that point, all the data was corrupted,
and it was not clear what else was written.

{16:4}

190 :
Other than that, we came across some
interesting information by accident.

In the corner of a business log...

'IBF Visitor Registry: Yagami £o¢o'

£o¢o's name had been listed...

Looking further into the file, there seemed
to be a personal memo written by somebody.

{16:4}

191 :
'I get to see my daughter for the first time
in a while.'

'Her school is on vacation, so she has a
ten-day break.'

'I've been trapped for so long in this tin
can doing virus research that I'm jealous...'

{16:4}

192 :
'That aside, when I told her that special
permission had been granted for her to come
down and see IBF, she sent me a happy reply
saying she would.'

'We've exchanged mail every once in a while,
but I wonder how long it's been since we've
actually seen each other?'

'I'll just be happy if she hasn't forgotten
what I look like.'

'T.Y.'

{16:4}

193 :
T.Y.... I thought they were probably the
initials of Doctor Yagami, £o¢o's dad.

Which meant that £o¢o had visited IBF
once before May 1st.

To meet her father...

{16:4}

194 :
We didn't find any other survivors in IBF.


The Kid, Tsugumi, and I all went back to the
examination room.

[Takeshi]
Y¤u, how're they doing?


195 :

{T6B201}
[Y¤u]
"Ah... Yeah. It looks like they're doing okay 
for now."

Y¤u looked tired as she sat down and faced
the pod's control panel.

I looked at the monitor showing vital signs.


Blood pressure, heart rate, respiration
rate... They all seemed to have stabilized for
the moment...


196 :

{T6B202}
[Y¤u]
"Oh yeah, Kuranari. I checked the medical 
database on this terminal earlier, but..."

I hesitantly asked Y¤u...

[Takeshi]
Yeah, did you find something?


{T6B203}
[Y¤u]
Yeah...


197 :

{T6B204}
[Y¤u]
"It looks as if they still haven't found any 
definite way... to treat the Tief Blau virus."


{T6B205}
[Y¤u]
"Although the symptoms can be temporarily 
treated by injecting that orange serum..."


{T6B206}
[Y¤u]
"Otherwise, the only option is to hope for 
the small chance that it will clear up by 
itself."

[Takeshi]
Oh...

[Takeshi]
That sucks...


198 :

{T6B207}
[Kid]
Huh?


{T6B208}
[Kid]
What do you mean?


{T6B209}
[Y¤u]
Um...

Y¤u had trouble finding the words, so Tsugumi
took over for her.


199 :

{T6B210}
[Tsugumi]
Well, basically...


{T6B211}
[Tsugumi]
"If £o¢o is going to heal, her immune system 
is going to have to work a little harder."


{T6B212}
[Tsugumi]
"We've brought her to the treatment pod, so all 
we can do now is hope."


{T6B213}
[Y¤u]
Yeah, that's all we can do.


{T6B214}
[Kid]
No...


{T6B215}
[Kid]
£o¢o isn't going to get better?

The Kid looked like he was about to cry.

[Takeshi]
Nobody said that.

[Takeshi]
"Whether she gets better or not... is up to 
£o¢o's will to live."


200 :
[Kid]
.........

The Kid walked over to the pod where
£o¢o was sleeping.

{T6B216}
[Kid]
£o¢o...


{T6B217}
[Kid]
£o¢o...

He started to cry, latching onto the pod as
though he was embracing it.


201 :

{T6B218}
[Y¤u]
"We still don't know how much this pod is 
going to help £o¢o."

Y¤u murmured softly as she read the life
signs on the monitor.


{T6B219}
[Y¤u]
"It seems that this pod can also do laser 
disinfecting, as well as simple surgery, in 
addition to the oxygen treatment."


{T6B220}
[Y¤u]
"And depending on how you use it, even 
cryogenic suspension..."


{T6B221}
[Tsugumi]
Cryogenic suspension?

[Takeshi]
What's that... Y¤u?


{T6B222}
[Y¤u]
I'm not sure. It was just in the manual...


{T6B223}
[Y¤u]
We don't really know what's going to happen.


{T6B224}
[Y¤u]
All we can do is have faith and wait.

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
.........


{PIPI_06}
[Pipi]
*Whine*...


202 :
Beeep!

A sharp alarm sounded from the control panel
monitor.

Not knowing what it was, we all looked at the
monitor at once.


203 :
The Kid ran over to where we were.


204 :

{T6B225}
[Researcher]
Aagh...!

An agonized expression came over the face of
the researcher.

He thrashed and contorted inside of the
cramped capsule.


205 :

{T6B226}
[Y¤u]
Aaah!

[Takeshi]
H-hey, man!

The researcher coughed violently and clawed
at his throat.

His hand and the area around his mouth were
stained red.


{T6B227}
[Researcher]
Aaaaaaghhh...!

The color quickly drained from his skin.

His breathing became shallow, and he groaned
in a low voice.


206 :

{T6B228}
[Y¤u]
"No! I can't believe his condition would 
change like this!"


207 :
[Takeshi]
"Hey, man! Stop grabbing at your throat like 
that! You'll crush it!"


{T6B229}
[Researcher]
Gaaguh...


{T6B230}
[Researcher]
*Huuugh*... *Huuugh*... *Huuugh*...

He slowly lowered the hands which he been
thrashing at his throat with.

[Takeshi]
Hey, man, are you alright!?


{T6B231}
[Researcher]
No...


{T6B232}
[Researcher]
This... is as far... as I make it.

The researcher was barely breathing.

He was trying to breathe.

He let out a gasp...

But wasn't able to bring in air.


{T6B233}
[Researcher]
This... is... my... reward...


{T6B234}
[Y¤u]
!

[Takeshi]
.........

Y¤u pored over the manual and desperately
searched the control panel.

But...

There was nothing she could do.

There was no way for her to keep him alive.


208 :
She pounded on the manual.


209 :
Then she placed both elbows on the panel and
covered her face with her hands.


{T6B235}
[Y¤u]
Aaah...

She burst into tears.


210 :
[Tsugumi]
.........

[Kid]
.........

Tsugumi and the Kid gazed at the monitor with
strained expressions.


211 :
The researcher's vital signs were getting
weaker.


{T6B236}
[Researcher]
...My daughter...


{T6B237}
[Researcher]
Take care of... My daughter...

[Researcher]
.........

He looked as though he was smiling.

And...

His eyes closed...

He would never move again.


212 :
Beeeeeeeep...

The life readings from the capsule pod went
blank, and an electronic alarm sounded for what
seemed like forever.

[Takeshi]
.........

We couldn't save him.

We didn't have the power to save that man
whose name we didn't even know.

[Takeshi]
.........

[Y¤u]
.........

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Kid]
.........

[Pipi]
.........


213 :
I reached out my hand to the panel and
turned off the alarm.

[Takeshi]
How is... £o¢o?


{T6B238}
[Y¤u]
Normal...

Y¤u replied in a voice filled with tears.


{T6B239}
[Y¤u]
"There doesn't seem to be anything wrong for 
the moment..."

[Takeshi]
Okay... Thanks.

[Takeshi]
"We'll have to make sure... he gets a proper 
burial..."


{T6B240}
[Y¤u]
...Yeah.


214 :
Everyone was motionless for a while.

Proof of how serious the situation was lay
right before our eyes...

But time rolled ever forward.

We didn't have any more room to play around.

Dragging my legs, which seemed suddenly very
heavy, I went to check all the areas in IBF
once again.

We had to find a way out as soon as possible.

After searching again...

The only thing we realized was...

That all of the escape pods were gone.

The researchers had probably used them to get
out.

There was no deep-water diving gear, no oxygen
tanks.

Meaning‡L

All routes of escape had been cut off.

We were quickly approaching the earliest
estimated time for LeMU's implosion... It was
almost May 6th, 4:30 p.m.





















































































































































































































































































































