

1 :
I couldn't see Sora.

I immediately pressed the key with my other
hand.


2 :
Clack!


3 :
Hisss...!


4 :
[Takeshi]
Ow! Oouch! That's hot!

The smell of burned hair from the hand I had
used to shield my eye filled the air.

[Takeshi]
Fuuu... fuuuu... fuuuu...

I blew on my hand, trying futilely to cool it
down.

[Takeshi]
You scared the heck outta me...

[Takeshi]
Don't do this, Sora!


5 :

{T6L303}
[Sora]
No, Kuranari-san, YOU don't do this...


6 :
Groooaaaan...


7 :

{T6L304}
[Sora]
You've really done it.


8 :
Creeeeeaaaaak...


9 :
The floor started shaking.

I couldn't stay on my feet with the violent
shaking.


10 :
I wobbled as I moved but ran swiftly to the
entrance of Himmel.

I tried to close the heavy door with the full
force of my weight.

[Takeshi]
Damn it...

But my hands wouldn't move like I wanted.


11 :
[Takeshi]
Gaagh, *cough*, *cough*...

I suddenly felt terribly dizzy, a burning
sensation in my chest, and collapsed to the
floor.

My hands slipped.

I couldn't stand up.

In that crucial moment... my condition
couldn't have been worse...


{T6L305}
[Sora]
Ku-Kuranari-san!


{T6L306}
[Sora]
Hang on tight!

[Takeshi]
I... I'm okay!

But I wasn't.

A terrible fatigue and sluggishness struck me.

A flow of dirty water had swallowed the path
to Himmel and was on the verge of reaching
the ceiling.

(No! I've got to get the door closed...!)

But my hand couldn't reach the lever.

My sight was fading and my body was shaking.


12 :

{T6L307}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san... no...


{T6L308}
[Sora]
We... can't... any longer...


{T6L309}
[Sora]
We won't... make it...

The stream of water had become a giant snake,
raging as it approached.


13 :
[Takeshi]
Ha...

[Takeshi]
Come on! You bastard water! Bring it!

I screamed back over my shoulder.


14 :
Trying to cover Sora, I put my back against
the open door to Himmel.

I was determined to block the entrance.

I was going to fight it off.

I wasn't going to run away.

I would...

I would save her... no matter what!


15 :
Just then.

I heard a terrifying roar behind me.


16 :
[Sora]
.........

[Takeshi]
.........

The watertight door had been sealed shut by
compressed air from the water pressure.

Seawater pounded against the door again and
again, like a stampeding herd of wild animals.

But the sound was coming from far away.


17 :

{T6L310}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san.


{T6L311}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san...

[Takeshi]
Okay, I can hear you...

I had a ringing in my ears.

[Takeshi]
How long will it hold?

[Sora]
.........


{T6L312}
[Sora]
I don't know...


{T6L313}
[Sora]
"The door behind you... is locked... You 
are shut in."

[Takeshi]
Thanks...


{T6L314}
[Sora]
"In order to delay the destruction of LeMU, 
I'm releasing all the watertight doors at 
Dritter Stock."


{T6L315}
[Sora]
"Dritter Stock has been flooded entirely. Its 
structural integrity is failing..."

[Takeshi]
I see. Thanks...

On the other side of the door was six
atmospheres of pressure.

The walls on all four sides of the room I was
in had already surpassed their limits...

But luckily, there was still power somehow.

Emergency power must have kicked in.

The lights went slightly dim.


18 :

{T6L316}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san...

Sora bit on her lip.


{T6L317}
[Sora]
Please don't...


{T6L318}
[Sora]
Don't thank me.

[Takeshi]
.........


{T6L319}
[Sora]
I was only...

Something gleamed in the dark.

Her silhouette.

Sora was staring at me.

Her tears.

Her tears fell quietly.

They sparkled, then disappeared.


{T6L320}
[Sora]
Listen, I...


{T6L321}
[Sora]
What shall I do... Tell me.

I reached out to catch the tears.

The grain of light winked and disappeared
in an instant.

The light vanished as it reached my hands.

[Takeshi]
Don't worry.

[Takeshi]
You're doing fine. Don't do anything, Sora.

I wouldn't erase it.

I couldn't afford to lose her.

I opened my eyes as wide as I could and tried
to burn her image into my mind.

[Takeshi]
Listen...

[Takeshi]
The main thing is that...

[Takeshi]
You are safe...

My eyelids were becoming heavier.

Before I could even ask her if she could
forgive me...

I collapsed, pitching forward onto the
floor...

And fell into a deep sleep.


19 :
A soft warmth surrounded me.

Light.

I felt that I had overcome an immense distance.


The end of darkness.

A soft white light surrounded me.

There was nothing else for me to look at.

There was nothing below me.

Nothing held me up.

But for some reason, I was at peace.

I was floating.

Floating steadfastly.

I was swaying freely in the center...


20 :
In the center of gently drifting water.

I could hear something faintly.

The first sound I had heard in my life‡L

Yes, it was the sound of a heart beating.

I remembered.

I was surrounded by the gentle sound of a
beating heart.

There was no greater feeling of peace than
what I felt then.

How long would I be able to stay there?

I didn't know.

I knew that I would have to leave the place
at some point.

I would have to let go of that fragile bond
soon.

But I wasn't sad.

If that time must come...

Darkness cleared again, and out of it would
come...

A new world, where I would resolve to be
reborn.

.........

......


21 :

{T7L000}
[Sora]
Good morning.

I woke with the warmth of the light.

I was sleeping on a cold floor.


22 :
Sora was floating right in front of me.

It was like a dream, yet it was not a dream.

It felt strange.


23 :
[Takeshi]
Morning...

[Takeshi]
"'Good morning' is such a fantastic phrase, 
isn't it?"


{T7L001}
[Sora]
Yes...

[Takeshi]
"They make me feel like getting up and doing 
my best."


24 :

{T7L002}
[Sora]
Haha... That's right.

Sora smiled softly.

[Takeshi]
What time is it?


{T7L003}
[Sora]
I don't know.


{T7L004}
[Sora]
It seems that the timer has broken.

[Takeshi]
Oh...

I took my PDA from my pocket and pressed the
button to turn it on.

The battery was dead. Nothing showed on the
screen.


25 :

{T7L005}
[Sora]
"It seems that we have lost all way to tell 
the time, haven't we?"

[Takeshi]
Yeah.


{T7L006}
[Sora]
"The connection between myself and the 
terminals at LeMMIH was severed just a 
little while ago, and all of the sensors in 
LeMU itself are no longer operational..."


{T7L007}
[Sora]
"But according to my previous calculations, 
we can expect this area to hold out another..."

[Takeshi]
Stop!

I put my hand in front of Sora's mouth.

And then slowly let my hand fall.

[Takeshi]
Time doesn't matter anymore.

[Takeshi]
"I don't need to know. There's no need to 
worry about it anymore..."

[Sora]
............


26 :

{T7L008}
[Sora]
Yes, you are right.

It may have been difficult for someone as
conscientious as Sora to just 'stop thinking'.

Still, Sora smiled for me.


27 :
She looked around and then spoke as if she
had just remembered something.


28 :

{T7L009}
[Sora]
"Oh, some good news arrived while you were 
sleeping, Kuranari-san."

[Takeshi]
Good news?


{T7L010}
[Sora]
"I discovered that communications were still 
operational in IBF, so I analyzed the weak 
signals going through the outer wall of LeMU."


{T7L011}
[Sora]
"According to my results, everyone on IBF was 
rescued by a salvage vessel and made it 
safely to Insel Null."

[Takeshi]
Wow, that's great news!

[Takeshi]
I was really worried about them...


29 :
I looked up at the ceiling.

They were all there.

Y¤u, Tsugumi, £o¢o, the Kid...

I couldn't see them, of course, but I knew
somehow.

As if she understood what I was thinking, Sora
looked up at the ceiling, smiling
compassionately.

I looked back.


30 :
She looked at me.

Straight into my eyes.

Deep within her pupils was a faintly shining
light.


{T7L012}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san... why did you come back here?

Sora murmured quietly in the darkness. The
only light to illuminate us was coming from
the emergency lights.

Her tone was peaceful.


{T7L013}
[Sora]
"Would you tell me the real reason one more 
time?"

A calm smile spread on her lips...

Sora was holding back tears that threatened
to burst forth at any moment.

[Takeshi]
Right... I'll tell you.

[Takeshi]
I have...

[Takeshi]
"Someone that I want to protect even if it 
costs me my life."

[Takeshi]
She isn't something tangible.

[Takeshi]
Other people may think I'm stupid.

[Takeshi]
"But to me, she was the most valuable thing 
in the world."

[Takeshi]
"I may not be able to see her with my eyes 
closed."

[Takeshi]
"I may not be able to hear her if I plug my 
ears."

[Takeshi]
But that doesn't mean she will disappear.

[Takeshi]
I know that she still exists.

[Takeshi]
"And I realized... just how important she is 
to me."


{T7L014}
[Sora]
Yes...

She nodded quietly.


31 :
[Takeshi]
Well... now... Hmppphh.

Using my hands to support myself, I got up.

[Takeshi]
I forgot. I had some unfinished business.

I went over to the Himmel console.


32 :

{T7L015}
[Sora]
Unfinished business? What do you mean?

She smiled softly and said.

[Takeshi]
Is LeMMIH still in maintenance mode?


33 :

{T7L016}
[Sora]
"Yes, but none of the functions related to 
LeMU are operational any longer."

[Takeshi]
Well, it doesn't matter.

(Which pocket was it...?)

I finally found what I was looking for and
dug it out of my pocket.


34 :
It was the case holding the polycarbonate
disc that I had taken from the control room
earlier.


35 :

{T7L017}
[Sora]
Is that... a terabyte disc?

[Takeshi]
That's right.

I nodded and inserted the terabyte disc into
the console disc drive.


36 :
I hit the necessary keys.


37 :
With the little knowledge I had, I needed to
find the file.


38 :
'LM-RSDS-4913A Akanegasaki Sora'

I chose 'Copy to Disc' from the menu.

There was no guarantee that it would be
successful, but I was going to try.

I felt I had probably exhausted my allotment
of luck in life, but it was worth a shot.

If something malfunctioned or there wasn't
enough space on the disc, we were finished...

I thought it was probably the last gamble in
my lifetime.

[Takeshi]
Click.


39 :
I hit the 'enter' key, and the data began
copying.

[Takeshi]
"Akanegasaki-kun, remember to shout
'Click' when you hit a button."


40 :

{T7L018}
[Sora]
Yes, Professor.

Sora smiled shyly.


41 :
We stared at the console monitor.

The copy slowly progressed.

All of her memories were being burned onto
the disc.


{T7L019}
[Sora]
Professor... about my homework.

Sora murmured as she looked at the monitor.

[Takeshi]
Homework?

[Takeshi]
Did I give you homework?


{T7L020}
[Sora]
"No, we students did it voluntarily. Would you 
please listen?"

[Takeshi]
Yes, of course. Fire away.


{T7L021}
[Sora]
I...


{T7L022}
[Sora]
I realized...


{T7L023}
[Sora]
The reason why I was born.


{T7L024}
[Sora]
"I was meant to be just like any other 
human..."


{T7L025}
[Sora]
I was born to fall in love.


{T7L026}
[Sora]
That is why I am truly happy now.


{T7L027}
[Sora]
Because I know what love is now.


{T7L028}
[Sora]
And love is...


{T7L029}
[Sora]
"It doesn't matter if your method is 
primitive."


{T7L030}
[Sora]
"It isn't necessary to seek a meaning or 
objective for it."


{T7L031}
[Sora]
"The only thing you need to do is to love. 
Just that, and nothing else."


{T7L032}
[Sora]
That is what I realized.

[Takeshi]
Really...

Sora brought her face close to mine.

And she brought her lips near my cheek.


{T7L033}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san...


{T7L034}
[Sora]
I love you...


{T7L035}
[Sora]
I am so grateful to be in love with you...

I touch my cheek where she kissed.

I felt a gentle warmth there.

Was it the afterglow of her lips?

Or was my cheek simply blushing?


{T7L036}
[Sora]
There have been times when I've disliked you.


{T7L037}
[Sora]
I've even hated you too.


{T7L038}
[Sora]
But even with all of that...


{T7L039}
[Sora]
I love every bit of you!


{T7L040}
[Sora]
"Whatever I'm going through... all it takes is 
thinking of you to make me happy."

She was strong.

Her mind and heart had grown so much stronger
over a few days that it matched the maturity of
her age, or more likely transcended it.

[Takeshi]
Sora...

The disc continued to copy.

Her memory being etched onto its surface.

It was being etched into me too.

[Takeshi]
"What do you want to do when you get out of 
here?"


42 :

{T7L041}
[Sora]
What?

It was an empty wish.

We knew it was impossible.

But it didn't feel strange to me to be
talking about it with Sora.

Sora, who really existed right in front of me.


43 :

{T7L042}
[Sora]
I...


{T7L043}
[Sora]
If I could get out of here...


{T7L044}
[Sora]
Well...


44 :

{T7L045}
[Sora]
I would like to travel the world.

She winked and smiled.


45 :

{T7L046}
[Sora]
"And if I could, I'd like to go on a date 
with you."


{T7L047}
[Sora]
"I would go out with you for about two or 
three years, then get married at the age of 
26 or 27."


46 :

{T7L048}
[Sora]
That's what young ladies hope for, isn't it?


47 :

{T7L049}
[Sora]
...Isn't that right?

Sora became a little blurry.

[Takeshi]
Yeah... that's right...

My eyes misted over.

I was having difficulty seeing clearly.

Was it an RSD malfunction?

Or perhaps I was short of oxygen?

No... that wasn't it.

No.


48 :
I...


49 :
[Takeshi]
Sora...


50 :
[Takeshi]
Do you know the legend of Pygmalion?

I was crying. The tears were falling down my
face.

Sora's figure wavered.

[Takeshi]
"He was the master sculptor in Greek myths... 
He's been called the King of Cyprus..."

[Takeshi]
"One day, he created a beautiful sculpture of 
the woman of his dreams."

[Takeshi]
"And because it was so beautiful, he fell in 
love with the statue."

[Takeshi]
"He kept on thinking to himself 'If only it 
were a real woman.'"

[Takeshi]
"Aphrodite, the goddess of love, took pity on 
him and brought this sculpture to life."

[Takeshi]
They married and even had children.


{T7L050}
[Sora]
Yes...

[Takeshi]
"I don't think I'll ever be the King of 
Cyprus..."

[Takeshi]
But... I love you... more than anyone.


51 :
I reached out for her.


52 :
I brought her face to mine and kissed her on
the lips.

I ran my fingers through her hair.


53 :
Her hair fell through my fingers as if it
were a stream of silk.


54 :
I could even sense a sweet smell.

Even though I couldn't touch her... it was real.


55 :
The console spit the terabyte disc out.


Copy complete.

There was no guarantee that the procedure had
been a success...

All of the data about Sora in front of me...

All of the images Sora had seen, the sounds
she had heard, things she had felt and
thought...

Every strand of her memory was written on
that disc.


56 :
...Memory.

What was memory?

I wondered.

What if I input the contents of the terabyte
disc onto the Sora at Insel Null...?

Would that make her just like the Sora I knew?


57 :

{T7L051}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san.

[Takeshi]
Hey, what can I do for ya?


58 :

{T7L052}
[Sora]
Hahaha...

Every time I played the fool, it never failed
to make her laugh.

We were holding back tears which threatened
to spill down our faces.


59 :

{T7L053}
[Sora]
"I suppose that what we just talked about 
while the disc was copying won't be on that 
disc."


{T7L054}
[Sora]
It's kind of too bad.

[Takeshi]
Nah, the memory's right here.

I pointed to my head.

[Takeshi]
I will remember...

[Takeshi]
"And the next time that we meet, I'll tell 
you about it."


60 :

{T7L055}
[Sora]
Really? Okay, then let's promise.

[Takeshi]
Alright, it's a promise.


61 :
We crossed our hearts.

Promise.

When would that promise be fulfilled?

...I didn't know.

But I didn't have to know.

The mind is not as simple as black or white.


62 :
Soon, Himmel began to shake.

Large cracks ran down the walls.

Through the holes, a large amount of mist
spurted into the room.

Heaven, heaven had finally cracked open...

The mist quickly became raging streams, and
water was soon filling the room.

I squeezed the terabyte disc into my pocket
and stood in front of Sora.


63 :
The water had gone higher than my ankles,
past my knees, and it was almost reaching my
waist.

But for some reason, I didn't feel any fear.

[Takeshi]
It's a promise...

[Takeshi]
It's going to be okay, Sora.

[Takeshi]
I won't die.

It was just like the time we stood facing
each other through the glass window.

Sora and I put our hands together.

If miracles truly do exist...

Then that was surely a miracle.

I could sense everything about Sora.


{T7L056}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san...


{T7L057}
[Sora]
Thank you.

I couldn't help it and embraced Sora.


64 :
The warmth of her hands.

The softness of her skin.

Her smell.

Her breath.

Her heartbeat.

Her memory.

Her existence.

I swore I wouldn't forget.

I swore I would never...

In all eternity... forget...


65 :
All around us was a world of deep, deep blue.

We embraced in the cold seawater and became
one.

My body began to float gently to the place
where the heavens and the ocean fused into one.























































































