

1 :
Darkness spread out before my eyes.

Without limit, it spread. Nothingness.

The void was endless.

And I was in the middle of it.

There was nothing else for me to look at.


I searched for light, but I couldn't even see
the movement of my body.

{16:4}

2 :
There was nothing below my feet.

Nothing held me up.

And so I fell.

I fell.

Deeper and deeper, I sank into the void.

Farther and farther.

{16:4}

3 :
No, that wasn't it...

Rather, it seemed that the darkness was
coming toward me.

It approached me at a terrifying speed.

But there was no sound.

Yet it was creeping closer and closer.

{16:4}

4 :
And finally it...

It penetrated me.

There was no way for me to shake it off.

It seeped completely into me.

It was strange, but there was no feeling to it.

The blackness invaded and settled inside me.

It overtook me, never to part again.

{16:4}

5 :
Aah, I was becoming the darkness.

The darkness was becoming me.

My body, becoming the darkness itself...

The void was endless. It had no ceiling.

Nothing existed to cover it.

It was an abyss.

{16:4}

6 :
Everything was buried in the pitch black.

And the dark of the night was crushing me.

That was how...

Everyone died.

I was dying.

I was dead.

Death.

{16:4}

7 :
When I woke, my shirt was soaked with sweat.

What an awful way to start the day.

I pulled out my PDA to check the time.

It read 3:18 a.m.

But all drowsiness had left me.

Attempting sleep again would have been a waste
of time. I thought I'd only have another
nightmare.

Nearby, I could hear soft breathing.

£o¢o and Pipi were nestled together,
comfortably asleep.

Trying not to wake them, I opened the
conference room door and sneaked out.


8 :
Outside, the hallway seemed endless...

For a moment, I had the illusion that it went on
forever.

(Stop being stupid...)

Without hesitation, I stepped into the cold
water filling the hallway.

I realized how oddly accustomed I'd grown to
that spectacle, that strange situation.

That daily routine.

Being continually enclosed by walls.

Walls that, in a matter of time, were doomed
to come crashing down.

(Where will I be when it happens...?)

...I decided not to think too deeply about it.

I had already decided not to think about
things like that...


9 :
Climbing the emergency stairway, I headed
toward Zweiter Stock.


10 :
Reaching the infirmary, I pushed the button to
open the door.


11 :
(She's not here...)

The bed was empty.

The spilled nuts were gone.

I wondered whether Tsugumi had been the
one to clean them up or if it was someone else...


12 :
Regardless, no one was in the room.

Reaching out to the LeMMIH terminal, I touched
the screen.

No reaction. The monitor lights were out.


13 :
I walked toward the security office. I thought
that maybe the terminal there would be online.


14 :
Opening the door, I hesitated at the smell.

As always, the room smelled like smoke.

I tried the terminal.

The screen read 'Periodic Maintenance in
Progress.'

The message continued.

'LeMMIH: Full system periodic
maintenance program in operation.'

'Until completion, portions of LeMMIH
functions are inaccessible.'

'Estimated completion time: 6 a.m.'


'While under maintenance, automatic control
systems throughout the compound will be
partially offline. However, facilities and
attractions will operate normally.'

'Note: Since all sensors and recording systems
operations will be checked during maintenance,
function may be erratic.'

'Therefore, it will not be possible to access
data through the terminals.'

'WARNING: This maintenance program should not
be aborted except in cases of emergency. If
aborted, there is the danger of making the
LeMMIH system unstable...'

'...Therefore, please refrain from accessing
LeMMIH until after maintenance completion.'

'Thank you for your cooperation.'

'Additional note:'

'Until the maintenance completes, I will be
unavailable. Everybody should be asleep at
this time anyway, right?'

'I informed everyone about this operation at
dinnertime, but in case any of you forgot
what I said, I am leaving this message...'

'That is all, good night.‡LAkanegasaki Sora'


15 :
(Well, how about that?)

I supposed Sora forgot to tell me about it.


Then again, maybe I just wasn't listening...


I was probably busy eyeing that extra piece of
sausage in the refrigerator.

Trying not to be seen by the others as I hid
the sausage...

And later cooked it up...

I'd been gloating over it until being caught,
and then...

Certainly not expected to be throwing it up
only half an hour later...

(Was I stupid or what...?)

I was lucky it wasn't worse. Oddly enough, I
hadn't felt hungry since...


16 :
Anyway, having no particular place to go, I
found myself in front of an elevator.

17 :
{11:0-c7}
{11:1}Push the button

{11:1}Don't push the button


18 :
With no clear reason in mind, I pushed the
elevator call button.


19 :
Click, click...

All it did was make a noise. The elevator
showed no sign of budging.

But of course.

All of the elevators in that section of the
compound had been shut down.


20 :
Absentmindedly, I stared at the elevator call
button.

At that moment, the button was truly
meaningless.

Still, I thought about reaching out to push it
again, but decided against it.


21 :

{T5A000}
[Tsugumi]
Hi.

Hearing a voice from behind me, I turned my
head.

And there was Tsugumi, standing quietly.


22 :

{T5A001}
[Tsugumi]
Hey, what were you up to?


{T5A002}
[Tsugumi]
"There's no point waiting around. That 
elevator's not coming."

[Takeshi]
.........

I didn't have an answer to give.


{T5A003}
[Tsugumi]
Takeshi, what's the matter?

[Takeshi]
.........


23 :

{T5A004}
[Tsugumi]
Are you deaf?

[Takeshi]
Heh heh...

I couldn't help but laugh.


{T5A005}
[Tsugumi]
Come on, what's going on...?

[Takeshi]
Hahaha...


24 :

{T5A006}
[Tsugumi]
What's so funny?

Tsugumi seemed slightly disturbed.

[Takeshi]
It's... nothing. No special reason.

[Takeshi]
"It's just that, well, I thought your question 
was pointless."


25 :
At first, Tsugumi started to frown...


26 :
But then she laughed back at me.


{T5A007}
[Tsugumi]
You've started to catch on, haven't you?

[Takeshi]
I suppose...

[Takeshi]
"I was just out for a little walk. What have 
you been doing?"

[Takeshi]
...Ah, that's okay, you don't have to answer.


27 :

{T5A008}
[Tsugumi]
In that case, don't ask...


28 :
[Tsugumi]
.........

Turning her eyes away, Tsugumi frowned
slightly.

Looking at the floor, she seemed lost in
thought.

After a moment, she lifted her eyes and spoke.


29 :

{T5A009}
[Tsugumi]
Say, Takeshi, do you know what 'Qualle' is?

[Takeshi]
Qualle?


{T5A010}
[Tsugumi]
That's right, Qualle.

30 :
{11:0-c9}
{11:1}I don't know

{11:1}I know


31 :
[Takeshi]
I don't know.

[Takeshi]
Actually, I think I knew, but then I forgot.


{T5A011}
[Tsugumi]
Right...


32 :

{T5A012}
[Tsugumi]
Okay, I'll tell you.


{T5A013}
[Tsugumi]
Qualle is...


{T5A014}
[Tsugumi]
The Jellyfish Gondola attraction.


{T5A015}
[Tsugumi]
"And it's located just behind this elevator 
room."

[Takeshi]
Hooo, is that so?


33 :
[Takeshi]
Yeah, I know what it is.

[Takeshi]
The Jellyfish Gondola attraction.

[Takeshi]
...Right?


34 :

{T5A016}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah.

[Takeshi]
So what about it?


{T5A017}
[Tsugumi]
"Well, Qualle is just behind this elevator 
room."

[Takeshi]
Yeah, come to think of it, you're right.


35 :
[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
.........

And then we both fell silent.

Tsugumi started to giggle and gave me a hard
look.

We both knew what we were going to do next.


36 :
With Tsugumi in the lead, we headed for the
Qualle entrance.

[Takeshi]
Say, how do you make this thing work?


37 :

{T5A018}
[Tsugumi]
Go figure.

[Takeshi]
'Go figure'? Come on, tell me.


38 :

{T5A019}
[Tsugumi]
"It's already turned on, dummy. Just get in 
and it'll go."

[Takeshi]
That's it?


{T5A020}
[Tsugumi]
"Look, I tried it out already, so I'm pretty 
sure."

[Takeshi]
Hmm, well, if you say so...

[Takeshi]
...Wait a second! You've already tried it?


39 :

{T5A021}
[Tsugumi]
Well, yeah... I tested it.

Tsugumi's face looked troubled, as if she'd
been caught at something.

[Takeshi]
You're saying you rode it alone?


{T5A022}
[Tsugumi]
...Well, not exactly alone.

[Takeshi]
Then who was with you?


40 :

{T5A023}
[Tsugumi]
It's not 'who' I was with...


{T5A024}
[Tsugumi]
You see, well... I was with Chami...

[Takeshi]
You mean your hamster?


41 :

{T5A025}
[Tsugumi]
Y-yeah...

[Takeshi]
"In other words, one adult and one 
'critter'."


{T5A026}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah.

[Takeshi]
You rode Qualle with Chami?


42 :

{T5A027}
[Tsugumi]
Yes... Don't make me repeat myself.

[Takeshi]
Well then, how was it? Fun?


43 :

{T5A028}
[Tsugumi]
Chami fell asleep. I guess he was bored.


{T5A029}
[Tsugumi]
But as for me...

[Tsugumi]
.........


44 :

{T5A030}
[Tsugumi]
Who cares?


{T5A031}
[Tsugumi]
It's a meaningless question.

Tsugumi hadn't said much, which was a lot more
than usual.

[Takeshi]
Hmm...

[Takeshi]
In other words, you were lonely, huh...?

[Takeshi]
If I was there, I could have cheered you up.


45 :

{T5A032}
[Tsugumi]
What do you mean, cheered me up?

[Takeshi]
"Well, you know... You've been through a 
lot..."

[Takeshi]
"And I thought maybe the two of us together 
would..."


46 :

{T5A034}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah right...

But then, suddenly, Tsugumi's expression lost
its tension.


47 :

{T2B004}
[Tsugumi]
Heh heh...


48 :

{T5A035}
[Tsugumi]
Heh heh heh... Hahaha...

All of a sudden, she let out a laugh.

[Takeshi]
Hey... What's going on with you...?

[Takeshi]
Did I say something stupid?


49 :

{T5A036}
[Tsugumi]
Nah, not really.


{T5A037}
[Tsugumi]
It's nothing important.


50 :

{T5A038}
[Tsugumi]
It's just that... I needed to laugh...


51 :
And then her expression hardened again.



52 :
But after all, I thought...

That a slight smile still remained on her face.


{T5A039}
[Tsugumi]
Let's go.

[Takeshi]
Y-yeah...


53 :
Together, we got inside the ride.

Immediately after the hatch closed, the
gondola began to move forward smoothly.

It was just as Tsugumi had said.

The jellyfish-shaped gondola picked up speed
and headed toward the outskirts of Zweiter
Stock.

The corrugated tube carrying the gondola
wrapped its way around the perimeter of the
floor.

Floating comfortably inside the tube, the
gondola skirted its way along.


54 :

{T5A040}
[Tsugumi]
I've been wanting to talk to you.

[Takeshi]
About what?


{T5A041}
[Tsugumi]
Well, some things I need to say...


{T5A042}
[Tsugumi]
"Things to say... Things I need to let you 
know..."


{T5A043}
[Tsugumi]
"And I figured no one could interrupt us 
here."

[Takeshi]
It must really be something important...

[Takeshi]
Something serious...?


{T5A044}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah... At least for me it is.

It was strange that Tsugumi would have
something she wanted to say just to me.

Tsugumi fixed her eyes firmly on mine.

Her eyes were serious.

With no sign of mischief in them.

Whatever the consequences, I had to listen...


{T5A045}
[Tsugumi]
Twelve years ago...


{T5A046}
[Tsugumi]
In August of 2005.


{T5A047}
[Tsugumi]
On a summer day...


{T5A048}
[Tsugumi]
I was infected.


{T5A049}
[Tsugumi]
...I was infected with a virus...


{T5A050}
[Tsugumi]
Yes, 2005. Twelve years ago.


{T5A051}
[Tsugumi]
I was only twelve years old at the time...

[Takeshi]
A virus?


{T5A052}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah.

[Takeshi]
And are you still... infected?


{T5A053}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah.


{T5A054}
[Tsugumi]
I'm a carrier...

[Takeshi]
...A carrier? What? Wait a second!

[Takeshi]
Come on! Wait a just a second here!

[Takeshi]
"You mean to tell me... Twelve years ago, at 
age twelve?"


{T5A055}
[Tsugumi]
That's what I'm saying.

[Takeshi]
"Twelve years ago, at age twelve... means your 
age now is..."


{T5A056}
[Tsugumi]
That's right, I'm 23.


{T5A057}
[Tsugumi]
I'll be 24 in another two months.


{T5A058}
[Tsugumi]
"You see... I was born 24 years ago. In July 
of 1993."

I scrutinized Tsugumi's face.

There was no way she looked 23.

But then again, I knew she wasn't lying.

We had never touched upon the subject of her
age.

But I had assumed her to be a high school
student at most.

[Takeshi]
23 years old...

I muttered to myself.

To think... she was three years older than me...


{T5A059}
[Tsugumi]
Takeshi, where are you?

She suddenly changed the topic.


55 :

{T5A060}
[Tsugumi]
"There's something I've been meaning to ask 
you."

[Takeshi]
What is it...?


{T5A061}
[Tsugumi]
"Well, it's something I wanted to 
ask... Something I wanted to confirm..."

It was strange that Tsugumi would have
something she wanted to say just to me.

Her behavior seemed extremely odd.


{T5A062}
[Tsugumi]
It's strange, but...


{T5A063}
[Tsugumi]
It's strange, but it feels like...


{T5A064}
[Tsugumi]
I'm beginning to lose it...


{T5A065}
[Tsugumi]
Like I'm going crazy...

[Takeshi]
Huh...?


{T5A066}
[Tsugumi]
So tell me, where are you?

Out of nowhere, she asked me again.


56 :
[Takeshi]
"What do you mean, 'where'? I'm right 
here."


{T5A067}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah, but where is here?

[Takeshi]
You know, here is 'here', right?

I beat the palm of my hand against my chest.


{T5A068}
[Tsugumi]
Have you ever cut your fingernails?

[Takeshi]
What's up with you all of a sudden?

Tsugumi leaned over urgently, right in front
of my face.

In her eyes, I could see something like a
distant light.

I could just glimpse the tip of her tongue,
wet and smooth.


{T5A069}
[Tsugumi]
Just answer, okay...?


{T5A070}
[Tsugumi]
Have you ever cut your nails?

[Takeshi]
Of course I have.


{T5A071}
[Tsugumi]
"Well then, is the nail that's been cut away 
still you?"

[Takeshi]
What do you mean?


{T5A072}
[Tsugumi]
I mean, are you there in the nail?

[Takeshi]
"No... I guess once it's gone from my body, 
it's not me anymore."


{T5A073}
[Tsugumi]
How about hair?

[Takeshi]
The same goes for hair.


{T5A074}
[Tsugumi]
"In that case, this hair here is you, right? 
But if I pull it out..."


57 :
[Takeshi]
Agh!

I reflexively put my hand to my head.

Tsugumi had yanked out a couple strands.


{T5A075}
[Tsugumi]
This isn't you?

Tsugumi held the hair up, waving it around.


[Takeshi]
Hmm... That's tough.

[Takeshi]
It isn't me, but...

[Takeshi]
I guess you could call it 'ex-me'.


{T5A076}
[Tsugumi]
Okay then... What if I ripped your arm off?

[Takeshi]
What?

Tsugumi grabbed my arm.


58 :
And before I could react, I was drawn into her
body.

Although she wasn't abnormally strong, I found
it impossible to resist her.

It was a natural, flowing movement.

Inside the white gondola.

Tsugumi's body was covering mine.

I felt her breath.

I felt her pulse.

I felt the warmth of her body.

A fragrant smell wafted from her neck.

A musky smell...

It made me slightly dizzy...


{T5A077}
[Tsugumi]
Well? If I ripped your arm off?

Gazing intensely at me, Tsugumi continued
shooting me questions.

[Takeshi]
.........


{T5A078}
[Tsugumi]
Would you be there, in the arm?

[Takeshi]
No, I suppose I wouldn't be there.


59 :

{T5A079}
[Tsugumi]
Okay then, what if I took off your leg?


{T5A080}
[Tsugumi]
Or if I cut your torso away?


{T5A081}
[Tsugumi]
Or even if I took out your brain?

Still gazing at me, she moved her hands and
put them on my neck.

It felt like I was being hunted.

The illusion was intense.

She looked straight at me.

I couldn't shake myself away from her gaze.

I peered deeply into her eyes.

I felt like I was being sucked inside her.

...Those eyes, full of that distant light.

I wondered where the light originated from...


{T5A082}
[Tsugumi]
Tell me, Takeshi, where are you?

[Takeshi]
I'm...

[Takeshi]
...Where am I?


60 :
Me... Kuranari Takeshi. Since the moment I was
born, I had existed as one person. One
continuous, linear, cohesive individual.

There was no doubt about that fact.

The 'me' as a baby in the photo album, the
'me' running around in elementary school, and
finally, the 'me' sitting there... they were
all the same organism called 'Kuranari
Takeshi'.

{16:4}

61 :
So where exactly did the entity called 'me'
exist?

In the past, people thought the soul existed
in a person's heart.

Descartes believed the soul inhabited the
pineal gland in the brain.

{16:4}

62 :
The brain.

I wondered briefly if I existed only in my
memories.

But if that were the truth, then if I lost my
memory like the Kid, wouldn't that mean I was
no longer 'Kuranari Takeshi'?

Thoughts? Senses? Emotions? Sensations?
Character? Values?

All of those things were nothing but functions
of the organ called the brain.

{16:4}

63 :
For one thing, the 'me' that ran around in
elementary school was composed of different
molecules than the 'me' there.

From a purely material point of view, my
younger 'me' was entirely different than my
older 'me'.

Cells died and were replaced daily.

Every cell that was replaced would also die.

{16:4}

64 :
They said the cells in the entire human body
were completely replaced every three to five
years.

By comparison, a rock would be composed of the
exact same molecules five years before or
five years hence.

But a human body was different.

The cells of 'me' five years ago were not the
same as the cells of 'me' then.

{16:4}

65 :
Even so, the 'me' of five years before and the
'me' then were definitely the same.

Then just what was it that defined 'me'?

And where did that 'me' exist...?

{16:4}

66 :
Tsugumi took her hand off of my neck. I
breathed easier.


{T5A083}
[Tsugumi]
You see? Your existence has no substance.


{T5A084}
[Tsugumi]
All you are is a concept.

[Takeshi]
A concept?


{T5A085}
[Tsugumi]
"You are just a packet of 
information... 'software'."


{T5A086}
[Tsugumi]
"The information written on a CD has no 
physical body, right?"


{T5A087}
[Tsugumi]
"The CD itself is just plastic, a hard mass of 
polycarbonate."


{T5A088}
[Tsugumi]
"But that mass has nothing to do with the 
information it holds."


{T5A089}
[Tsugumi]
"Information can't have a physical body. 
That's impossible."


{T5A090}
[Tsugumi]
"Information does not have shape or 
substance."


{T5A091}
[Tsugumi]
"The embodiment of information only takes 
place through its application."


{T5A092}
[Tsugumi]
"However, the embodied information itself has 
no actual body."


{T5A093}
[Tsugumi]
"The essence of information is the information 
itself..."

[Takeshi]
.........


{T5A094}
[Tsugumi]
Takeshi, it's the same for you.


{T5A095}
[Tsugumi]
"There is no physical substance to your 
'essence'."


{T5A096}
[Tsugumi]
"Instead, the human called 'Kuranari Takeshi' 
is no more than a concept, information, 
software."


{T5A097}
[Tsugumi]
"And that essence is realized only through 
your body, the hardware."


{T5A098}
[Tsugumi]
That's it. Your body is just the hardware.


{T5A099}
[Tsugumi]
"It's just a device in which the entity of 
'you' is embodied."

[Takeshi]
...I see. Hmm.

[Takeshi]
Okay, okay. I understand you perfectly.

[Takeshi]
"No, actually, I hardly understand you at 
all, okay... but if what you say is true..."

[Takeshi]
Then what?

[Takeshi]
"What does that have to do with what you were 
talking about?"


{T5A100}
[Tsugumi]
"Twelve years ago, I was infected with a 
virus."

[Takeshi]
Yeah, you said that.


{T5A101}
[Tsugumi]
Because of that virus... The virus...


{T5A102}
[Tsugumi]
It rewrote my genetic code.

[Takeshi]
What? Your genetic code?


{T5A103}
[Tsugumi]
Cells are reborn every day.


{T5A104}
[Tsugumi]
They are reborn and then die.


{T5A105}
[Tsugumi]
"Normally, the human body is totally replaced 
with new cells within five years."


{T5A106}
[Tsugumi]
"When I was twelve, the cells in my body were 
infected. And from that moment on, they 
divided and replaced themselves..."


{T5A107}
[Tsugumi]
"Five years later, all cells had been 
replaced."


{T5A108}
[Tsugumi]
"In five years, every cell that made up 
my body had been genetically altered."

[Takeshi]
.........?


{T5A109}
[Tsugumi]
And when the last of the cells had died...


{T5A110}
[Tsugumi]
"The last trace of my twelve-year-old self 
disappeared."


{T5A111}
[Tsugumi]
In that moment, the old me died.


{T5A112}
[Tsugumi]
"The old me died, but the new me became a body 
that never dies."

[Takeshi]
A body that never dies...?


{T5A113}
[Tsugumi]
"My immune system and my metabolic 
rate were remarkably improved..."


{T5A114}
[Tsugumi]
"My telomeres began to regenerate 
themselves..."


{T5A115}
[Tsugumi]
That's right...


{T5A116}
[Tsugumi]
I will never grow old and never die.


{T5A117}
[Tsugumi]
"My physical growth stopped at that 
moment in time."


{T5A118}
[Tsugumi]
I'll never grow older than seventeen.

[Takeshi]
.........


67 :
'Highly improved immune system and
increased metabolic efficiency'.

'Telomeres that continue to rejuvenate'.

Well, if what she said was to be believed...

Tsugumi's body would never die on its own.

As long as her body had the energy to
continue, it would not die.

As long as she continued to have the will to
live, her body would be sustained forever.

Semi-eternal life.

But was such a thing even conceivable?

The concept of never growing old, never
dying‡Lwas it possible?

Why did living creatures age...? Essentially,
it was to protect against exhaustion and
deterioration of function.

The life cycle needed aging so it could have
succession and renewal through subsequent
generations.


68 :
I couldn't help but laugh.

[Takeshi]
Ha...

[Takeshi]
Hahaha...

[Takeshi]
That's a good story. But no way...!

[Takeshi]
"But I guess it's a good joke, pretty 
solid."


{T5A119}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah... I guess you're right.

Tsugumi snickered at my words.


{T5A120}
[Tsugumi]
Yep, it's just a little joke.


{T5A121}
[Tsugumi]
"I thought you might fall for it, but I guess 
not."

[Takeshi]
"What else would you expect? Crazy talk like 
that."


{T5A122}
[Tsugumi]
Well, Takeshi...


{T5A123}
[Tsugumi]
I guess you're not so stupid after all.


69 :
Tsugumi got up slowly.

Her disheveled clothes showed just a peek of
her legs.

And a glimpse of her sleek thighs.

Her clean satin skin.

...And a scar.

[Takeshi]
What the...?


{T5A124}
[Tsugumi]
What's the matter?


{T5A125}
[Tsugumi]
Takeshi... what are you looking at?

Your right thigh, at the scar...


{T5A126}
[Tsugumi]
Do you want a closer look?

[Takeshi]
Well... Yeah... No...


{T5A127}
[Tsugumi]
Shall I show you...?

[Takeshi]
No, really...

[Takeshi]
It's okay...

There was definitely a scar there.

But...

It looked like something that had healed
years ago, leaving only the faint mark of
stitches that once closed a wound.


70 :
All that time, Tsugumi continued to hold my
neck with her hands.

Little by little, she began to apply more
pressure.

After a while, it became difficult to breathe.

My mind began to fog over.

I was slowly drifting toward chaos...


71 :

{T5A128}
[Tsugumi]
You see? Your existence has no substance.


{T5A129}
[Tsugumi]
All you are is a concept.

[Takeshi]
.........?


{T5A130}
[Tsugumi]
"You are just a packet of 
information... 'software'."


{T5A131}
[Tsugumi]
"The information written on a CD has no 
physical body, right?"


{T5A132}
[Tsugumi]
"The CD itself is just plastic, a hard mass of 
polycarbonate."


{T5A133}
[Tsugumi]
"But that mass has nothing to do with the 
information it holds."


{T5A134}
[Tsugumi]
"Information can't have a physical body. 
That's impossible."


{T5A135}
[Tsugumi]
"Information does not have shape or 
substance."


{T5A136}
[Tsugumi]
"The embodiment of information only takes 
place through its application."


{T5A137}
[Tsugumi]
"However, the embodied information itself has 
no actual body."


{T5A138}
[Tsugumi]
"The essence of information is the information 
itself..."

[Takeshi]
...


{T5A139}
[Tsugumi]
Takeshi, it's the same for you.


{T5A140}
[Tsugumi]
"There is no physical substance to your 
'essence'."


{T5A141}
[Tsugumi]
"Instead, the human called 'Kuranari Takeshi' 
is no more than a concept, information, 
software."


{T5A142}
[Tsugumi]
"And that essence is realized only through 
your body, the hardware."


{T5A143}
[Tsugumi]
That's it. Your body is just the hardware.


{T5A144}
[Tsugumi]
"It's just a device in which the entity of 
'you' is embodied."

[Takeshi]
Why... do... you...?

I spat out the words with difficulty.

[Takeshi]
How... come... you... are...?

Was I making any sense to her? I couldn't tell.


[Tsugumi]
...

The weight of Tsugumi's whole body was on my
neck.


{T5A145}
[Tsugumi]
I can't...

[Takeshi]
...


{T5A146}
[Tsugumi]
I can't...


{T5A147}
[Tsugumi]
I just can't...

For an instant, her grip loosened slightly.


72 :

{T5A148}
[Tsugumi]
I can never escape.


{T5A149}
[Tsugumi]
I'm bound eternally to this horrid body.


{T5A150}
[Tsugumi]
My soul is forever in chains.

[Takeshi]
.........

Tsugumi became teary eyed.

So that was the light deep in her eyes... tears.


{T5A151}
[Tsugumi]
Hey? Takeshi...?


{T5A152}
[Tsugumi]
Would... you kill me?

Half lying on her side, she grabbed my wrists.

She tried to force my hands to her own neck.


{T5A153}
[Tsugumi]
Please...?


{T5A154}
[Tsugumi]
Kill me?

[Takeshi]
Wh-what are you talking about!?

I broke away from her grasp.

[Takeshi]
Why are you talking like this...?


{T5A155}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah, I get it...

Tsugumi muttered, her voice shaking.

And her gaze drifted off.


{T5A156}
[Tsugumi]
You're just a coward...


{T5A157}
[Tsugumi]
...Just a gutless man...


{T5A158}
[Tsugumi]
In fact, you're not even a 'man'.

[Takeshi]
That's got nothing to do with this!


{T5A159}
[Tsugumi]
Come on, please...


{T5A160}
[Tsugumi]
Kill me...!


{T5A161}
[Tsugumi]
Can't you do it?

[Takeshi]
Are you crazy!?

[Takeshi]
There's no way I could do such a thing!


{T5A162}
[Tsugumi]
Why not? Why can't you...?

[Takeshi]
Of course I can't! I...

[Takeshi]
...I don't need a reason!

[Takeshi]
I don't want to...

[Takeshi]
Why do you want to die so badly anyway?

[Takeshi]
Why do you need someone to kill you!?


{T5A163}
[Tsugumi]
Please. It's because...

[Takeshi]
Forget it!


{T5A164}
[Tsugumi]
Are you really so unwilling...?

[Takeshi]
You're damn right I'm unwilling.


{T5A165}
[Tsugumi]
Well, in that case...


{T5A166}
[Tsugumi]
In that case, I know...


{T5A167}
[Tsugumi]
I will kill you instead.


73 :
With all her strength, Tsugumi slammed me to
the floor and started choking me.

[Takeshi]
Gah.


74 :

{T5A168}
[Tsugumi]
"I'll give you the gift of death! And then 
I'll..."

[Takeshi]
Argh...!


75 :
With all her strength, she slammed me down.


76 :
Slammed me down.


77 :
And slammed me down.


78 :
Again and again.

[Takeshi]
Stop... it...


79 :
If she kept it up... I would die.

No, I WAS dying.


80 :
If she didn't stop, I was a goner...


81 :
Attempting to force her off, I scratched her.

Something red started to drip from her lips.

It was blood.

She was bleeding.

Blood mixed with tears.

Suddenly, her shadow loomed over me.

I couldn't see a thing.

And then her mouth closed on mine.

Our lips pressed hard together.

My mouth was filled with the taste of her
blood... and tears...


82 :
......

.........


{T5A169}
[Tsugumi]
I'll kill you...


{T5A170}
[Tsugumi]
I will... I'll kill you...


{T5A171}
[Tsugumi]
...Oh, oh...


{T5A172}
[Tsugumi]
No...


{T5A173}
[Tsugumi]
Don't leave me alone...


{T5A174}
[Tsugumi]
No, please don't leave me alone...


{T5A175}
[Tsugumi]
Please... Takeshi...


{T5A176}
[Tsugumi]
Please...

Darkness surrounded me.

Or maybe I wasn't there at all...

A darkness without awareness... I heard only
the slight rustle of clothing and Tsugumi's
sigh.

Hearing that sound, I felt a craziness swell
up inside me.

Two shadows overlapped to become one.

And I plunged into the chaos, farther and
farther, and became one.

.........

......


83 :
Afterward, I went straight back to the
conference room.

Both my mind and body were exhausted...

Even though little remained of the night, I
slept soundly.

When I awoke, I felt refreshed and fully
recharged.

Apparently, no one had noticed my
disappearance during the night.


84 :

{T5A177}
[Sora]
Good morning, everybody.


85 :

{T5A178}
[Y¤u]
Good morning!


{T5A179}
[£o¢o]
Good morning, Sora-san!


{T5A180}
[Kid]
Morning!

[Takeshi]
Yeah... Hi there, Sora.

A little later than usual, Sora presented
herself in the conference room.


{T5A181}
[Y¤u]
"So how about it, Sora? How did the maintenance 
go?"


86 :

{T5A182}
[Sora]
Well, that is...


{T5A183}
[Sora]
"The system is in sound condition, although 
there would be no way to repair any mechanical 
damage if it were to occur."


{T5A184}
[Sora]
"The scheduled maintenance program checked 
out. I can assure you that the entire 
compound is functioning normally."


{T5A185}
[Y¤u]
Well, that's good to hear.


87 :

{T5A186}
[Sora]
"After carefully assessing the situation, I 
have found a slight noise in my thought 
processor..."


{T5A187}
[Sora]
"Normal function will not be compromised, so 
no modifications are necessary."


88 :

{T5A188}
[£o¢o]
Hey, Sora-san, what does that mean?


89 :

{T5A189}
[Sora]
Well, £o¢o-chan. It means that...


{T5A190}
[Sora]
"You see, sometimes certain customers want to 
play pranks on me. They tell lies, or try to 
confuse me."


{T5A191}
[Sora]
"And because of that, my memories or 
programmed responses get a little out of 
alignment. It tends to cause issues in my 
thought processing."


{T5A192}
[Sora]
"Sometimes older data gets mixed with newer 
information, making it difficult to determine 
which is correct."


{T5A193}
[Sora]
"When this problem becomes severe, it's 
necessary to fiddle with the system and 
overwrite the problematic data."


90 :

{T5A194}
[Sora]
"However, at this time, nothing too drastic 
has occurred, so please don't worry."


91 :

{T5A195}
[£o¢o]
Okay~


92 :

{T5A196}
[Sora]
"Other than that... I have yet to complete a 
full check of the sensor data which was 
recorded throughout the compound while you 
all were sleeping."


{T5A197}
[Sora]
"I doubt any new leakage has occurred... but I 
will report back to you once I've checked the 
sensor data."


{T5A198}
[Kid]
Thanks, Sora. We're counting on you.


{T5A199}
[Sora]
Yes, leave it to me.


{T5A200}
[Sora]
"By the way, thanks to the maintenance 
program, the LeMMIH terminal response has 
greatly improved."


{T5A201}
[Sora]
"There was a slight problem concerning LeMMIH 
traffic, but it has been resolved. Terminal 
communication functions were optimized to 
adjust to LeMU's current status."


{T5A202}
[Kid]
Hmm...

[Takeshi]
"Hey Sora, what do you mean by 'traffic'? 
I'd like to know more about what exactly 
was tweaked in the terminals."


93 :
[Sora]
.........


94 :

{T5A203}
[Sora]
"Alright, everyone, why don't we go to 
breakfast?"

Wh-what in the...?

Was it just me, or did she totally ignore my
question?

...Oh well.

Perhaps she just couldn't hear me.


95 :
Everybody relocated to the tuna sandwich
shop.


96 :
And as always, I cooked up breakfast for
everyone.

Looking at their faces as they ate, I suddenly
felt relieved.

The faces of Y¤u, £o¢o, and the Kid seemed so
happy...

Sora just stood by, quietly watching them enjoy
the meal.

However...

Tsugumi was nowhere to be seen.









































































































































