

1 :
After breakfast, we each had plenty of free
time.

But there was nothing in particular to do...

Nothing that just had to be done...

So, without any reason, we all just ended up
gathering in the rest area.

As always, the vases were filled with
blossoming flowers.

Marguerites, marigolds, and roses.

Apparently, the flowers were watered
periodically by mist from the sprinkler
system, helping them maintain their freshness.

I didn't see Sora anywhere, but then
again, she did say she hadn't finished
checking the sensor data...

She had probably gone to the control room. It
seemed that she could concentrate on
performing operations better there.


2 :
Y¤u, who had been talking with Sora earlier,
was strolling alone around the top of the
circular stage in the middle of the room.


3 :
The Kid, £o¢o, and Pipi were playfully chasing
each other through the water.

I had a feeling I had seen it all before...


4 :
After having a good stretch, I watched £o¢o
and the others play.


5 :
The three of them, two kids and an animal,
circled the stone statue.

They were playing a game of chase, not really
caring who was 'it'.

Without seeming to get bored, they kept
running around and around.

On the other hand, I got restless watching
them.


6 :
(Phew, what a sight...)

It looked kind of fun, but I didn't quite
feel like asking to join in.

And at any rate... Tsugumi had yet to make an
appearance that morning.

Just in case, I had left a sandwich for her at
the kiosk.

(I don't know if she'll actually eat it or
not...)

What would I say to her if I met her?


7 :
She had confided her secrets to me on the
Jellyfish Gondola.

Virus carrier.

A body that never died.

A body that never grew old.

Her healed scar.

It was all so hard to believe...

Could such a mind-boggling story even be true?

I was still unable to completely believe her.


8 :
So talking to her again would be awkward.

She had told me while we were on the Jellyfish
Gondola...

'Kill me'...

I couldn't.

There was no possible way I could do such a
thing.

But still...

Why did I feel like I had messed up somehow...?


Something had come over me.

There was nothing I could do...


9 :
I glanced up and noticed £o¢o and the others
had stopped playing.

(Huh...? What is she doing...?)


10 :
With a worried look on his face, the Kid was
watching £o¢o intently.

Pipi, too, had his eyes on her.


11 :
In the middle of the rest area stood four
stone statues. £o¢o was deliberately
attempting to scale one of the pedestals...


12 :

{T5B000}
[£o¢o]
Here I go!

...With a heave, she began to climb up the
side.


13 :
(...?)

It was an odd sight.

I ran to the Kid as he stood frozen, watching
her.


14 :

{T5B001}
[£o¢o]
Okay... Hmmmmmph...

Stumbling as she mounted the pedestal, £o¢o
ended up embracing the statue.


15 :

{T5B002}
[Kid]
£o¢o...! What the heck are you doing?

The Kid asked her brazenly.


16 :

{T5B003}
[£o¢o]
Yahoo~


{T5B004}
[£o¢o]
"Wow, all I did was stand a little higher, 
and everything looks all different~"


{T5B005}
[£o¢o]
"Let's see... To be exact, 68 centimeters 
higher, don't you think?"

Perched on top of the pedestal, £o¢o said that
while smiling triumphantly.


17 :
[Takeshi]
...?


18 :

{T5B006}
[Kid]
Hey, £o¢o, is that why you climbed up there?


19 :

{T5B007}
[£o¢o]
What?


{T5B008}
[£o¢o]
Well... Ummm, actually, no...

£o¢o answered with her head cocked.


20 :

{T5B009}
[£o¢o]
"This area right here looks like it's missing 
something."


21 :

{T5B010}
[Kid]
Missing something?

[Takeshi]
Which area?


22 :

{T5B011}
[£o¢o]
The statue's back...


23 :

{T5B012}
[£o¢o]
I kind of thought its back looked lonely.

£o¢o stroked the statue's back sympathetically
with her tiny hand.


{T5B013}
[£o¢o]
And, well...


24 :

{T5B014}
[£o¢o]
Abra... cadabra...


{T5B015}
[£o¢o]
SCREWDRIVER AT YA‡L‡L‡L!

Uttering a stream of nonsense, £o¢o suddenly
produced a flat-head screwdriver in her right
hand.


25 :

{T5B016}
[£o¢o]
TIMES TWO‡L!

And then another one appeared in her left
hand.

Where did she get those...?


26 :
But before I could ask her anything, £o¢o was
gripping two screwdrivers.

And then...

...Into the back of the statue...

...She began to carve the stone using the tip
of the screwdriver...


27 :

{T5B017}
[£o¢o]
Here we go...

Cut, cut.

Cut, cut, carve, carve...

And within moments, the back of the statue was
covered with gashes.

[Takeshi]
...?

It was incomprehensible.

I just couldn't understand it.

First, she said the back looked 'lonely', and
then she started gouging it.

For a while, the Kid and I just gazed at her
with our jaws dropped.


28 :

{T5B018}
[Kid]
Hey, hey! What are you doing!?

The Kid yelled as he came back to his senses.


29 :

{T5B019}
[£o¢o]
I'm carving.


30 :

{T5B020}
[£o¢o]
Can't you see? I'm carving...


31 :

{T5B021}
[£o¢o]
I'm etching some marks into this stone statue.

[Takeshi]
Oh, really. Etching some marks...

[Takeshi]
I can tell that by watching you, £o¢o!

[Takeshi]
That's not what we mean...


32 :

{T5B022}
[Kid]
What for?

The Kid beat me to the question.


{T5B023}
[£o¢o]
Well, it's because...


33 :

{T5B024}
[£o¢o]
I was feeling lonesome.


{T5B025}
[£o¢o]
And anyway, I was...


34 :

{T5B026}
[£o¢o]
...Feeling sad...


{T5B027}
[£o¢o]
I was feeling sad...

She muttered in a tiny voice.

She worked with great dexterity, using a
screwdriver in each hand.

The tips of the screwdrivers dug into the
stone, screeching and forming tiny grooves.


{T5B028}
[Kid]
Sad?


{T5B029}
[£o¢o]
"Well, nobody's coming to rescue us, right? 
We've been abandoned."


{T5B030}
[£o¢o]
"So what harm is there in wrecking the place a 
little~"

[Kid]
.........

[Takeshi]
.........

The Kid and I looked at each other.

£o¢o looked back at her handiwork.


35 :
They were in the shape of people.

Really simple-looking, like stick people.

At the end of each stick was a little round
head...

{T5B031}
[Kid]
Who's that?


36 :

{T5B032}
[£o¢o]
It's me, £o¢o.


{T5B033}
[£o¢o]
And look, this is Pipi and Chami.

Looking more carefully, I could see two
unusual animal figures beside the human forms.

[Kid]
.........


37 :

{T5B034}
[£o¢o]
And then there's...


38 :
One of the shapes had a particularly large
head.

It was only half finished.


39 :

{T5B035}
[£o¢o]
This is Tsugumin.


{T5B036}
[£o¢o]
"For Tsugumin, it's important to make her look 
really cool..."


40 :

{T5B037}
[£o¢o]
Okay, and then...

One of the shapes had a particularly large
head.

It was only half finished.


41 :

{T5B038}
[£o¢o]
This is Sora-san.


{T5B039}
[£o¢o]
"Sora-san is pretty, which makes her hard to 
draw..."


42 :

{T5B040}
[£o¢o]
Tralala... tralalalala~

Singing a cute little song, £o¢o continued to
carve.

She seemed entirely absorbed by what she was
doing.

Somehow, I could relate to her desire to throw
herself into something...


{T5B041}
[Kid]
"That's destroying private property... It's 
vandalism."

[Takeshi]
"Hey, relax, Kid. Now's not the time to be so 
uptight."

[Takeshi]
£o¢o's into her work. You can't blame her.


{T5B042}
[Kid]
Um... Right...


43 :

{T5B043}
[£o¢o]
Here we go, next...


{T5B044}
[£o¢o]
Uh-oh!


44 :
Because of her unsteady position on the
pedestal, £o¢o suddenly lost her balance.


45 :

{T5B045}
[Kid]
L-look out!


46 :
Without hesitating, the Kid jumped forward,
steadying her body.

He grabbed her by the hips to prevent her
from slipping down, then carefully lowered her
to sit on the pedestal.


47 :

{T5B046}
[£o¢o]
Th-thank you...


{T5B047}
[Kid]
Watch your step, okay?


{T5B048}
[£o¢o]
Okay~


48 :

{T5B049}
[£o¢o]
Ah, I know... Why don't you join me, Kiddo?


49 :

{T5B050}
[Kid]
You mean...?


{T5B051}
[£o¢o]
Come on, please... Let's both try it~


{T5B052}
[£o¢o]
"You can carve a picture of yourself and 
Nakkyu here..."


{T5B053}
[£o¢o]
"And then I was thinking of carving Takepyon 
over here."


{T5B054}
[£o¢o]
Okay? Here's one of my screwdrivers.


50 :

{T5B055}
[Kid]
Well okay. Thanks...

Energized by £o¢o's enthusiasm, the Kid took
the screwdriver...

And mounted the pedestal to join her.


51 :
[Takeshi]
Be careful not to fall yourself, Kid.


{T5B056}
[Kid]
I-I'll be alright.

[Takeshi]
"Don't slip, £o¢o. Why don't you let me hold 
you up?"


{T5B057}
[£o¢o]
Huh? I wonder if that's the...?


52 :

{T5B058}
[Kid]
She'll be alright!

I was about to stretch my hands toward her, but
the Kid stopped me.


53 :

{T5B059}
[Kid]
Don't worry, I got her...


54 :
The Kid took hold of £o¢o's empty hand.


While embracing the statue in a hug, £o¢o and
the Kid steadied each other.

And using their free hands, they both began
carving shapes.


55 :
The statue stood there without complaint,
pointing to the south.


56 :
The statue stood there without complaint,
pointing to the ceiling.


57 :
A while later...


58 :
What was left in the stone was the carved
images of six people and two animals.

It was evidence of our existence.


59 :
That afternoon...

After a light lunch, I looked around, but I
couldn't find Y¤u anywhere.


{T5B060}
[Kid]
"Looking for Y¤u? She ate lunch and then went 
to the security office on Zweiter Stock."


{T5B061}
[£o¢o]
She said something about doing some research.

[Takeshi]
Research? I wonder what that could be?


{T5B062}
[Kid]
She didn't say exactly...


{T5B063}
[Kid]
"If you really want to know, why don't you go 
ask her yourself?"

[Takeshi]
Yeah, I guess you're right...


{T5B064}
[£o¢o]
What about Sora-san? Where'd she go?


{T5B065}
[Kid]
"She's still in the control room. I spoke to 
her through the terminal intercom, but she 
seemed really busy."

As usual, Tsugumi was nowhere to be seen... but
the sandwich I left at the kiosk was gone...


Come to think of it, Y¤u, Sora, and Tsugumi
hadn't said a word to me all morning.


60 :
(Something's up... I can tell...)

At any rate, I figured I would go search for
them.

But I didn't know where to go.

61 :
{11:0-cb}
{11:1}The control room

{11:1}The infirmary

{11:1}The security office


62 :
I tried the control room.

I pushed the button to open the door and it
slid open.


63 :
[Takeshi]
Sora, are you in here?

I called out her name but got no response.

The console was silent.

(That's strange...)

I wondered if it meant that she finished checking
the sensor data.

But if that was the case, I thought she would
report back to us.

(Sora... where are you?)

[Takeshi]
Hey, Soooraaa.

I expected to find her hiding in the corner
somewhere...

I called out for her again but still got no
response.

Next, I touched the terminal.

Although I didn't know how to operate it, it
seemed to be responding.


64 :
A map of LeMU data suddenly appeared on the
LeMMIH monitor.

But it didn't tell me anything.


65 :
There was still no sign of Sora.


66 :
I decided to check somewhere else.

I headed for the second floor.

67 :
{11:0-ce}
{11:1}The infirmary

{11:1}The security office


68 :
Turning down a corridor after climbing the
emergency stairs, I came out in front of the
infirmary.


69 :
(...!?)

The door abruptly opened in my face, and a
person came flying out.

Then they dodged right past me.


70 :
In a flash, the figure was gone without even
seeming to notice me.

(...Who was that?)

I whipped around quickly, trying to see who
the person was.


71 :
...It was Tsugumi.


72 :
[Takeshi]
Hey...

I started to call out, but I hesitated.

The events of the night before popped
into my mind.

(I could stop her, but then what...?)

In the meantime, all I could see was Tsugumi's
back fading farther away.

[Takeshi]
Hey, wait up! Where are you going?

Barely getting the words out, I dashed after
her.


73 :
I ran up a corridor and hurriedly climbed the
stairs.


74 :
But the sound of her feet faded down the end
of the emergency corridor.

Her figure had already rounded the corner
and was out of sight.

[Takeshi]
Tsuuuguuumi...!

I was out of breath.

I had run about 30 meters, but...

[Takeshi]
Damn it, Tsugumi, you sure are fast!

I grumbled after her although she was
well out of earshot.

It didn't feel like I could catch up with her
at all.

Her speed was unnatural.

She was still supposed to be recuperating...


75 :
(But still...)

(She's still a little slower than when she
pulled me away from the flood at the aquarium.)

Her leg probably still hadn't fully recovered.

At any rate, I didn't want her to overdo it.

[Takeshi]
Aaah, damn it...!

Annoyed that I was out of breath, I continued
after Tsugumi.


76 :
The sound of her feet was only barely
perceptible in the distance.

I strained my ears to hear.

It sounded like she had headed downstairs...


77 :
I descended the stairs.

I was unable to hear any footsteps from below.

It seemed that instead of going to the third
floor, she had gone down to the corridor on
the second floor.


78 :
I came out near the entrance to the Jellyfish
Gondola.

(I thought she came this way...)

But Tsugumi was nowhere in sight.

(Damn... I guess I'll just have to give up.)

What was the point in playing chase with her
anyway...?

But still, I was disappointed.


79 :
Without further recourse, I gave up and walked
to the nearby security office.


80 :
[Takeshi]
Hey! Tsugumiii!

I called her name without much hope, but there
was no answer.

In the end, it seemed Tsugumi hadn't noticed.

It hadn't seemed that she was trying to avoid
me...

But maybe I was better off that way.


81 :
Giving up, I went back down the stairs and
returned to the corridor.

I decided to stop by the nearby security
office.


82 :
Climbing the stairs, I headed toward the
security office on the second floor.


83 :
As usual, the room smelled faintly of smoke.



84 :

{T5B066}
[Y¤u]
Oh, Kuranari...

Noticing me enter, Y¤u turned toward me from
the console.

[Takeshi]
Say, Y¤u, you haven't been smoking, have you?


85 :
I only said it in jest, but Y¤u looked
slightly offended.


{T5B067}
[Y¤u]
No way... How could you ask...


{T5B068}
[Y¤u]
"You know the rules... No smoking until you're 
legal."


{T5B069}
[Y¤u]
"You can joke if you want, but I can't believe 
you'd say that."


86 :

{T5B070}
[Y¤u]
"I mean, just take a look at my fresh silky 
skin!"


{T5B071}
[Y¤u]
This is the soft skin of a lady!


87 :

{T5B072}
[Y¤u]
"This is the kind of beauty that's impossible 
for a smoker like you, ha!"

Y¤u spoke smugly, mocking me.

[Takeshi]
Hey, I don't smoke.


88 :

{T5B073}
[Y¤u]
Oh, really?

[Takeshi]
.........


{T5B074}
[Y¤u]
Humph...

[Takeshi]
"Anyway, let's stop all this stupid talk about 
smoking."

[Takeshi]
"I just wanted to ask you something. The Kid 
said you were doing some research."


89 :

{T5B075}
[Y¤u]
Huh?


{T5B076}
[Y¤u]
The Kid said that?

Y¤u gave me a slightly surprised look.


90 :

{T5B077}
[Y¤u]
Kuranari, what exactly did the Kid say?

[Takeshi]
I don't remember exactly, but...

[Takeshi]
"He just mentioned you were 'researching 
something'. So I thought I'd ask you myself."

[Y¤u]
.........


91 :

{T5B078}
[Y¤u]
"Well, in that case, guess I'll let you in on 
it."

Turning back to the console, Y¤u began to type.


92 :

{T5B079}
[Y¤u]
You may not remember this, Kuranari, but...


{T5B080}
[Y¤u]
"I've been researching stuff about LeMU for 
quite a while now."

She spoke with her eyes glued to the monitor.


{T5B081}
[Y¤u]
And then there's the thing about my father...

[Takeshi]
Ah...

[Takeshi]
That reminds me, you mentioned him earlier.

It must have been the first day I came to this
place...

When Y¤u startled me by suddenly starting up
the Dolphin Carousel.

I had heard about him then...

[Takeshi]
So... have you found something?


93 :

{T5B082}
[Y¤u]
Not yet.

Y¤u shook her head slowly.


94 :
Eyeing the monitor, she hit some more keys and
entered a code.


{T5B083}
[Y¤u]
If I could only find the password...

[Takeshi]
Password?


95 :

{T5B084}
[Y¤u]
"If I just had the password, I could access 
all the data inside LeMMIH."


{T5B085}
[Y¤u]
"Normally, all the data concerning LeMMIH's 
system has security protection."


{T5B086}
[Y¤u]
"And of course, the personal data of the 
development staff has it as well."


{T5B087}
[Y¤u]
"And so I'm hunting for the key to unlock that 
protection‡Lan emergency override."

[Takeshi]
Oh, so that's what you've been up to...


{T5B088}
[Y¤u]
...Yeah.


96 :

{T5B089}
[Y¤u]
But I give up.

Y¤u stopped typing.


97 :
Taking her eyes off the console, she looked at
me.

[Takeshi]
Hey, by the way...

[Takeshi]
"If you disconnect LeMMIH's security 
protection, what will happen to Sora?"


98 :

{T5B090}
[Y¤u]
Sora?

[Takeshi]
"Well, since Sora is an AI program inside the 
LeMMIH system, won't she be affected?"


{T5B091}
[Y¤u]
Hmm... Yes...


{T5B092}
[Y¤u]
"Naturally, if the protection is removed, Sora 
will be totally exposed... Naked."

[Takeshi]
Naked...?


99 :

{T5B093}
[Y¤u]
"Um, Kuranariiii? Did you just think of 
something kinky?"

[Takeshi]
Eh?


{T5B094}
[Y¤u]
"When I say naked, I don't mean Sora's image 
will be nude!"

[Takeshi]
I-I wasn't thinking that at all.


100 :

{T5B095}
[Y¤u]
"Yeah, sure... You seem pretty suspicious to 
me..."


{T5B096}
[Y¤u]
Well, I don't really care.

[Takeshi]
.........


{T5B097}
[Y¤u]
"Sora won't become 'nude'... but all her 
thoughts, memories, and various data will be 
accessible."

[Takeshi]
That's an invasion of privacy!


{T5B098}
[Y¤u]
Well, not exactly, really.


101 :
[Takeshi]
Wait a minute...!

[Takeshi]
"Okay, so if you find that password, will that 
mean you can save Sora?"


{T5B099}
[Y¤u]
Save her?

[Takeshi]
"I mean, you could copy all her source data to 
a high-capacity hard drive or something..."

[Takeshi]
"And then take that data out of here by 
hand, right?"


102 :

{T5B100}
[Y¤u]
Well, yeah. It could be done.


103 :

{T5B101}
[Y¤u]
Except that won't be necessary.

Y¤u spoke coldly.

[Takeshi]
Huh?


104 :

{T5B102}
[Y¤u]
"We don't need to save Sora. She's saved 
already."

[Takeshi]
How's that?


{T5B103}
[Y¤u]
"The fact is, Sora doesn't actually reside in 
LeMU."


{T5B104}
[Y¤u]
"More precisely, the brain of Sora resides in 
a supercomputer on Insel Null."


{T5B105}
[Y¤u]
Do you see what I'm saying?

[Takeshi]
.........


{T5B106}
[Y¤u]
"Meaning that even if LeMU sinks, floods, or 
explodes, Sora won't be damaged at all."


{T5B107}
[Y¤u]
Because she's not even here.


{T5B108}
[Y¤u]
She really lives above the ocean.


{T5B109}
[Y¤u]
"So from our point of view... just like her 
name's meaning, 'Sora' is in the 'sky'."

With that, Y¤u pointed her finger toward the
ceiling.


105 :
Lured by her pointing finger, I looked up.

As if I expected to find Sora there.

Naturally, she was nowhere to be seen...

[Takeshi]
"Hey, hey, hey, hold on a second! How could 
that be!?"

[Takeshi]
"All data communication lines with Insel Null 
have been cut, they're useless...!"

[Takeshi]
"Sora herself said that. It doesn't make 
sense!"

[Takeshi]
"If, as you say, Sora exists above us, then how 
could she appear before us here?"


106 :
[Y¤u]
.........


107 :

{T5B110}
[Y¤u]
That's what I mean...

Suddenly, Y¤u's voice level dropped.

[Takeshi]
Wh-what's that...?


108 :

{T5B111}
[Y¤u]
"Come on, Kuranari. You think it's strange 
too, right?"


{T5B112}
[Y¤u]
"Sora said that, thanks to the maintenance 
program, communication functions were 
optimized..."


{T5B113}
[Y¤u]
"In order to perform periodic maintenance, the 
master supercomputer on Insel Null has to be 
linked with LeMMIH here."


{T5B114}
[Y¤u]
"And since she said the maintenance checked 
out fine, that means..."


{T5B115}
[Y¤u]
"There might be a data communication link up 
and running somewhere."

[Takeshi]
What?

[Takeshi]
Wh-why would Sora keep this from us?


109 :

{T5B116}
[Y¤u]
"What I'm going to say is only speculation, 
but..."

Y¤u furrowed her brows together.


{T5B117}
[Y¤u]
"I think it's possible that someone is 
intentionally hiding the facts from us."

[Takeshi]
You're saying... that Sora could be lying to us?


110 :

{T5B118}
[Y¤u]
No, it doesn't necessarily mean that.

Y¤u shook her head as she spoke.


{T5B119}
[Y¤u]
"On the one hand, someone might have created a 
program to orchestrate the whole thing, 
including keeping Sora silent."


{T5B120}
[Y¤u]
"Or it could be that Sora may not be 
involved. Maybe she doesn't know anything or 
just hasn't noticed..."

[Takeshi]
.........


111 :

{T5B121}
[Y¤u]
"But for now, I don't know if it's true or 
not."


{T5B122}
[Y¤u]
"Whether my suspicions are correct or all 
just a big misunderstanding..."


{T5B123}
[Y¤u]
"Anyway, I can worry about that after I've 
cracked the protection..."


112 :

{T5B124}
[Y¤u]
"For now, I'm just trying to access the 
supercomputer on Insel Null from this console."


113 :

{T5B125}
[Y¤u]
"I don't know whether I can even gain access, 
but I'm pretty sure that's where the data is."


{T5B126}
[Y¤u]
Yep, I'm certain the data is there...

[Takeshi]
.........


114 :

{T5B127}
[Y¤u]
"I'm not one to go around blabbing secrets, 
and to tell the truth, I'm not interested."


{T5B128}
[Y¤u]
"So don't worry, I have no intention of going 
through Sora's personal data."


{T5B129}
[Y¤u]
Okay?

[Takeshi]
Ahh... Okay.


{T5B130}
[Y¤u]
...Okay then.


115 :
After that I fell silent.

I was searching for something to say.


116 :
Y¤u was looking down.

[Takeshi]
So...

[Takeshi]
"If you discover something about your 
father... then what?"


117 :
When I asked, Y¤u furrowed her brow slightly.


{T5B131}
[Y¤u]
Yeah... I was just thinking about that...


{T5B132}
[Y¤u]
Hmm. But I know what has to be done...


{T5B133}
[Y¤u]
I know all too well...


{T5B134}
[Y¤u]
"But once I break this security code, I'll 
know everything I need to know..."


118 :

{T5B135}
[Y¤u]
"Anyway, I'm trying to access LeMMIH's system 
core from this console."


{T5B136}
[Y¤u]
"Whether it's possible to gain access or not, 
I can't say. But I know the data is there."


{T5B137}
[Y¤u]
Yep, I'm certain the data is there...

[Takeshi]
.........


119 :

{T5B138}
[Y¤u]
Well, at least it's a start...

Y¤u suddenly became more upbeat.


{T5B139}
[Y¤u]
"Cracking the security protection is going to 
be a real pain. This stubborn code!"


{T5B140}
[Y¤u]
"So what exactly awaits hidden inside...? It's 
a little too soon to go there."


120 :

{T5B141}
[Y¤u]
"Until I can get inside, it's the same as not 
knowing a thing."

Y¤u said this and then gave a big shrug.

[Takeshi]
Yeah...

[Takeshi]
"But I still think it's loads better than 
knowing nothing at all."


121 :

{T5B142}
[Y¤u]
Well, maybe you're right.

Y¤u gave me a smile.

She then popped her neck and rotated her stiff
shoulders.


122 :

{T5B143}
[Y¤u]
Now then...


{T5B144}
[Y¤u]
Back to work.

[Takeshi]
Alright, Y¤u, good luck. There's still time.


{T5B145}
[Y¤u]
Okay.

Turning her back to me, Y¤u began to peck at
the keyboard.


123 :

{T5B146}
[Y¤u]
But still, you know...

Without stopping her hands, she muttered
quietly.


{T5B147}
[Y¤u]
"My mother used to tell me all about my 
father's habits..."


{T5B148}
[Y¤u]
So I know there are clues to be found...


{T5B149}
[Y¤u]
"Decoding something as inorganic as a computer 
program is possible because..."


{T5B150}
[Y¤u]
Even programmers have habits...

For a long time, Y¤u stared at the monitor.

She didn't look my way.

So I couldn't read her expression anymore.

But I could tell by her shaky voice.

She was probably crying.

Without saying a word, I slipped out of the
security office.


124 :
(Is Sora really in Insel Null...?)

If so...

No matter whether LeMU was crushed or not,
she'd still be okay...

'Tell me, Kuranari-san, after you escape from here,
what's the first thing you want to do?'

.........

Were her words just a flimsy attempt at
compassion?

'I feel like I've gained a new perspective on
human life.'

'Come on, everybody! Believe in tomorrow so
you can live today...'

Were those words just robotic, programmed
phrases...?

Simple utterances encoded to pacify and
comfort humans...?

Suddenly, I felt a distance between Sora's
existence and my own.

































































































































































































