

1 :
A few more hours later...

We'd tried everything.

There was nothing we else could do to get out
of there.

There were no paths left for us to take.

Hit by that reality, all of my remaining
strength drained away. All I could do was
watch the seconds on the clock slip by.

The Kid's condition had gotten worse, and he
was sleeping in a capsule pod.

We had tried contacting the outside using the
communication lines.

But...

Nothing had changed since we were at LeMU.

All sonic and electrical communications were
down.

Every once in a while, static would come
through the receiver from the outside.

Which meant that the lines were
functioning... but the computer's
communication software wasn't working.

We had been trapped there by Leiblich
Pharmaceuticals to hide the existence of IBF
and its records from the outside world.

Our reality was a nightmare.

How I wished...

That it all had only been a long dream...

Thinking that, I closed my eyes slowly.


2 :

{TBD000A}
[Announcement]
"<Drei Minuten 

{TBD000B}
vor der Implosion.>"

3 :
An announcement grated mechanically from the
room's speakers.


4 :
I could hear sharp metallic sounds echoing
from somewhere.

The walls creaked ominously and the floor
shook.


5 :

{TBD001}
[Tsugumi]
Looks like... it's started.

Tsugumi looked at the ceiling and murmured
that.

[Takeshi]
Started...?


{TBD002}
[Tsugumi]
Or I guess you could say it's finished.

[Takeshi]
Finished...

I looked up at the ceiling.


6 :
And I couldn't see anything.

The heavy reverberations were coming from
somewhere far away in the water.


7 :

{TBD003}
[Tsugumi]
In the end...


{TBD004}
[Tsugumi]
It looks like this is my place.

Tsugumi let those words fall from her lips
without any expression.


{TBD005}
[Y¤u]
Tsugumi... what are you talking about?


{TBD006}
[Y¤u]
Place? What place?

From her spot on the floor, Y¤u raised her
head feebly.


8 :

{TBD007}
[Tsugumi]
"I've been searching for so long. Now I've 
finally found it."


{TBD008}
[Tsugumi]
This is my...


{TBD009}
[Tsugumi]
Place to die.


9 :
Tsugumi stood unsteadily.

She dragged... her right leg...

[Takeshi]
Tsugumi, what happened to your leg...?


{TBD010}
[Tsugumi]
Oh, this?

[Tsugumi]
.........

Tsugumi looked at her leg as if it was the
first time that she had noticed.


{TBD011}
[Tsugumi]
It really wasn't anything.


{TBD012}
[Tsugumi]
"I kept telling myself I couldn't die no 
matter what..."


{TBD013}
[Tsugumi]
But it looks like I was wrong again...


10 :

{TBD014A}
[Announcement]
"<Zwei Minuten 

{TBD014B}
vor der Implosion.>"

11 :
Dragging her leg, Tsugumi hobbled toward the
door.

[Takeshi]
Tsugumi...

[Takeshi]
W-wait!


12 :
I tried to chase after her but tripped
awkwardly.


13 :
My hands hit the floor. When I tried to
stand... I fell to the floor again.

My legs wouldn't move as I wanted.

Sprawled out on the floor, my whole body was
numb, and I couldn't move.

[Takeshi]
...!?

[Takeshi]
Wh-what's happening... to me?

[Y¤u]
.........


14 :
[Tsugumi]
.........


15 :
[Takeshi]
*Cough*...

I suddenly started coughing and put my hand
to my mouth.

Removing it slowly...

I noticed my palm was sticky with blood.


[Takeshi]
Tsugumi... where are... you going?


16 :
My vision began to grow dim.

The distance separating us became distorted.

[Tsugumi]
.........


17 :

{TBD015}
[Tsugumi]
Who knows...?

Tsugumi tilted her head.


18 :

{TBD016}
[Tsugumi]
"Pretending to be friends wasn't so bad, 
but..."

She opened up the flood hatch and went into
the infirmary.


19 :

{TBD017}
[Tsugumi]
"This is probably the last time we'll see each 
other."

Her outline seemed to flicker faintly.


20 :

{TBD018}
[Tsugumi]
Goodbye...


21 :
As Tsugumi walked down the hallway... I lost
sight of her.


22 :
She closed the hatch from the outside.

She turned the handle so I knew that the door
was sealed.


23 :
In that instant‡L


24 :
I heard the terrible roar of water from the
passageway on the other side of the wall.

The watertight hatch groaned and buckled
under the tremendous force of the water but
somehow withstood the pressure.


25 :
[Takeshi]
Tsu... Tsugumi...!


{TBD019}
[Y¤u]
Tsugumi...!


26 :

{TBD020A}
[Announcement]
"<Eine Minute 

{TBD020B}
vor der Implosion.>"

27 :
Beeeeeeeep...

The alarm from the pod's control panel started
shrieking a high-pitched warning.

I turned my head to look over at the source
of the noise.

The vital signs, which should have been
displayed on the monitor, were no longer
moving.


28 :

{TBD021}
[Y¤u]
Kid...

[Takeshi]
Kid... No...

The alarm wouldn't stop...

Its cold, flat tone drowned out the silence.

The lines weren't moving. No heartbeat. No
breathing. Nothing.


{TBD022}
[Y¤u]
It can't be...


{TBD023}
[Y¤u]
It's got to be wrong...


{TBD024}
[Y¤u]
Aaagh...


29 :

{TBD025}
[Y¤u]
"Somebody tell me this is all just a bad 
joke..."


{TBD026}
[Y¤u]
Kuranari...


{TBD027}
[Y¤u]
Tell me it's a lie...

Lying flat on the floor, Y¤u started sobbing.


30 :
The terrible roaring from overhead gradually
became louder.

It seemed as if the whole floor was trembling.

Ignoring the complaints from my body, I used
the rest of my strength to pull myself close
to Y¤u.


{TBD028}
[Y¤u]
Kuranari... where are you...?

[Takeshi]
I'm... here...


31 :

{TBD029}
[Y¤u]
Where are you?


{TBD030}
[Y¤u]
Give me your hand...

The floor was wet with blood.

I somehow slid my arm over to her.

Both of Y¤u's hands took my right hand,
closing around it gently.


32 :
Her small hands were icy cold.


33 :

{TBD031}
[Y¤u]
Kuranari...

Y¤u came crawling over to me, pulling the hand
in her grasp closer.

She hugged my hand close and held it to her
chest.

Squeezing it closely, firmly.

The palm of my hand covered her chest.


34 :

{TBD032}
[Y¤u]
I hate this...


{TBD033}
[Y¤u]
It's so cold...


{TBD034}
[Y¤u]
I...


{TBD035}
[Y¤u]
I don't want to die...


35 :
Y¤u's body was starting to shake.

I could tell from my hand pressed against her
that she was rapidly losing energy.


36 :

{TBD036}
[Y¤u]
Kuranariii...


{TBD037}
[Y¤u]
My heart...


{TBD038}
[Y¤u]
My heart... feels like it's going to burst...

Her skin and clothes were freezing cold.

The only place where warmth remained was her
chest, where our hands were touching.

Y¤u's heart was beating so hard, it felt like
it would explode.


37 :

{TBD039}
[Y¤u]
I'm scared...


{TBD040}
[Y¤u]
Help me...


{TBD041}
[Y¤u]
Help me, Kuranari.

Her voice was getting hoarse, and she was
having trouble breathing.

I couldn't move anymore either.

I tried to breathe, to comfort her, but all
that came from my mouth were red drops of
blood.

Extending my fingers toward Y¤u, I ran them
over her body to check if she was still alive.


38 :

{TBD042}
[Y¤u]
Aagh...


{TBD043}
[Y¤u]
It hurts...

Her whole body was wracked with spasms...

Her frame bent, twitching backward...


39 :
But soon, even her shaking became weaker.

She became colder and colder with each passing
moment.

Only her heart remained beating ferociously.

It sounded far away, as though it could
almost be my imagination.


40 :

{TBD044}
[Y¤u]
Kuranari...


{TBD045}
[Y¤u]
"You probably didn't... feel anything about me, 
but..."

Her voice was devoid of strength.

A single tear followed those words.


{TBD046}
[Y¤u]
But I... really liked...


41 :
Y¤u's heart made one last frantic burst.


42 :
And after that‡L

I heard nothing.

The warmth of her hand was totally gone.

The beating of her heart lost forever.


43 :
[Takeshi]
!

In that moment, my vision went red.


44 :
Panicking, I wiped my face with my hands.

Red.

Everything was red...

I couldn't see anything

All I could feel was slippery warmth.

My face was pressed into the floor so hard
that I thought it would become part of it.


45 :
My breathing had stopped.

I couldn't move.

I couldn't support myself.

The floor was cold and hard.

My body stiffened and became cold as well.

My consciousness faded, disappearing...

And...

From somewhere...


46 :
The crackling sounds of the communication
lines faded away.


47 :
That was the last sound I heard.



























