

1 :
Midnight sneaked up on me.

Everyone was already fast asleep. Some were
snoring.

For us, the situation wasn't getting any
better, but at least it wasn't getting any
worse.

It was better that we just slept to prepare
for what might come...

...If only I could...


2 :
[Takeshi]
I can't sleep.



If anyone was awake, they would see me bright-
eyed and bushy-tailed.


How could I be so tired but not be able to
sleep?

I started wondering about my body.

(Oh well...)

I took a walk to get my mind off of things.


3 :
Splash...

I saw the corridor was covered in water as I
quietly slipped out of the room.

[Takeshi]
It's freezing!

The ocean water flowing into the room was
colder than usual, maybe because it was
evening.

(Damn, now I'm even more awake...)

I continued down the path, my heavily soaked
shoes weighing me down with each step...


4 :
Only the sound of my damp shoes echoed through
the night.

I didn't encounter a soul as I walked down the
corridor.

Nobody had come to get us...

...But I decided not to let it get me down.

We were still alive. We had survived so
far, and we would live for the foreseeable
future.

I thought to myself that anyone who had made
it as far as us would survive.

(Yeah...)

(We'll make it...)

As I nodded to myself, I turned a corner in
the corridor.


5 :
Was it a dead end?

It seemed like I had reached the end of the
floor.

I turned around and headed back along the
passageway.


6 :

{T4A000}
[Sora]
"Oh good! There you are, Kuranari-san! I was 
looking for you."

[Takeshi]
.........


{T4A001}
[Sora]
Hey, what's wrong?

[Takeshi]
.........


7 :

{T4A002}
[Sora]
Hello?

[Takeshi]
...Oh!

[Takeshi]
Sora...


{T4A003}
[Sora]
Yes?

[Takeshi]
Don't... scare me like that, Sora.


8 :
I was surprised.

For an instant, I had stood there frozen.

Because the moment Sora had appeared around
that corner, she and I had been face-to-face.

We were so close, it seemed like our noses
overlapped.


9 :
Realizing that, I took three steps backward.

I could feel my heart pounding.


10 :

{T4A004}
[Sora]
"Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to get so 
close to you."

Sora's cheeks turned a soft red.


{T4A005}
[Sora]
Oh, did I look strange? I...

[Takeshi]
"No, no. Don't worry about it. You're 
beautiful, as always."


{T4A006}
[Sora]
Oh, well, thank you.


{T4A007}
[Sora]
It is just... I'm a little embarrassed.

Huh? I felt like I'd just blurted out
something ridiculous...

But Sora had smiled when I said it, so maybe
it was okay.

I tried to calm myself down.


11 :

{T4A008}
[Sora]
"Well, anyway. Everyone is still sound asleep, 
so I haven't told anyone, but..."

As she said, that her face suddenly changed.

[Takeshi]
Huh? What?


{T4A009}
[Sora]
"A little while ago, Komachi-san was tossing and 
turning in bed. So I dispatched the medical 
wagon to keep her still."

[Takeshi]
...Really?


12 :

{T4A010}
[Sora]
"Yes, I was surprised. She was seriously hurt, 
you know... and still..."

[Takeshi]
"Hey, she should wake up soon, don't you 
think?"


{T4A011}
[Sora]
"Yes, I think she may soon regain 
consciousness..."

[Takeshi]
"Well, she shouldn't be tossing and turning 
like that. She'll reopen her wounds."


13 :

{T4A012}
[Sora]
Yes, actually, that is why...

[Takeshi]
Hey! We can't let that happen!

[Takeshi]
That's it. I'll go and check on her!


14 :

{T4A013}
[Sora]
Ah, Kuranari-san...!


15 :
I just left her standing there, calling after
me.


16 :
I flew up the stairs as fast as I could and
sprinted down the corridor.


17 :
I arrived in front of the infirmary on the
second floor.

I poked the button to open the door, but it
seemed to take forever.


18 :
The door opened slowly and quietly.

Tsugumi was lying there on a bed in the back
of the room.

I walked slowly over to her...

...And sat down on the bed next to hers.

I could hear a computer working over at the
other end of the room, collecting data on her
pulse and blood pressure.

The data told us the most important thing, that
she was still alive.

However...


19 :
...Tsugumi was still unconscious.

Had she really turned in her sleep?

Or would she continue to sleep like that...?

At that moment, her fingers began to twitch.

[Takeshi]
Ah...

Her eyes opened.

I wondered what I should do.

What I should say.

Where to even begin...


20 :
But she woke before I could decide.

[Takeshi]
Uhh... Good morning...

That was all I could say.

I hadn't thought of what to say beyond that.


21 :

{T4A014}
[Tsugumi]
...What time is it now?

[Takeshi]
I'm not sure...

I pulled my PDA from my pocket and checked the
time.

[Takeshi]
It's May 4th, 1:42 a.m.


{T4A015}
[Tsugumi]
Really...

Tsugumi appeared weak as she slightly moved
her body.

[Takeshi]
How are you feeling?


{T4A016}
[Tsugumi]
That's a stupid question...

[Takeshi]
"I'm just asking. Tell me how you're 
feeling."


{T4A017}
[Tsugumi]
Awful. My whole body... hurts.


{T4A018}
[Tsugumi]
I feel terrible.

[Takeshi]
Oh...

Tsugumi lifted her hand up to her face,
opening and closing it slowly.

Her movements were still sluggish.

[Takeshi]
"How's the injury? Does it hurt? You may still 
be under a bit of anesthesia."


{T4A019}
[Tsugumi]
...Injury?


{T4A020}
[Tsugumi]
Anesthesia...?

[Takeshi]
Hey...

[Takeshi]
You didn't forget, did you?

Tsugumi's eyes wandered about the room.

To the ceiling...

And the sheets...

The cast on her leg...


{T4A021}
[Tsugumi]
Oh, right. I remember.


{T4A022}
[Tsugumi]
I remember now. I...

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
.........

Tsugumi tried to get up, but noticing the
various IV cords snaking up her arm, she
frowned.

She was alive.

She was injured, but still breathing.

Her life had been saved, and for that I was
grateful.

But... it was my fault... I was the one who
caused her injury...

22 :
{11:0-b8}
{11:1}I'm sorry, I apologize

{11:1}I didn't say anything


23 :
[Takeshi]
I'm... I'm sorry.

I wanted to tell her how I felt.


{T4A023}
[Tsugumi]
...Why are you apologizing?

[Takeshi]
It was my fault you were injured.

[Takeshi]
"Because I was careless, you ended up getting 
hurt..."

[Takeshi]
It was my fault...

[Takeshi]
...That's why I'm sorry.

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
And what's more, you protected £o¢o.

[Takeshi]
You made sure she didn't get hurt.

[Takeshi]
I don't know how to thank you.

I lowered my head.


24 :
But Tsugumi's face soured...

...She was glaring at me.


{T4A024}
[Tsugumi]
Don't misunderstand.


{T4A025}
[Tsugumi]
"I was injured, but it wasn't because I 
sacrificed myself for £o¢o's safety."


25 :
I didn't know how to respond to that.


I had saved Tsugumi.

And yet I had caused Tsugumi to get hurt.

From there on, I just didn't know what to say.

All I could do was stare blankly, silently.

I then bowed my head. There was nothing else I
could do.


{T4A026}
[Tsugumi]
...What?


{T4A027}
[Tsugumi]
What is it...?

I raised my head.


26 :
Tsugumi was glaring at me again.


{T4A028}
[Tsugumi]
You don't understand.


{T4A029}
[Tsugumi]
I don't care at all about this injury...


{T4A030}
[Tsugumi]
Do you want to say it's your fault?


{T4A031}
[Tsugumi]
Don't be conceited.


27 :
Tsugumi sighed heavily.


{T4A032}
[Tsugumi]
It's just that...


{T4A033}
[Tsugumi]
...It's just that... I wanted to die.

[Takeshi]
...What?


{T4A034}
[Tsugumi]
How come you had to save me?


{T4A035}
[Tsugumi]
If you left me alone...


{T4A036}
[Tsugumi]
...I could have finally died.

[Takeshi]
What...?


28 :
I jumped up from the bed, shaking my fist
furiously.

[Takeshi]
What the hell did you just say!?

[Takeshi]
You!

[Takeshi]
"What do you mean, 'I could have finally 
died'!?"


{T4A037}
[Tsugumi]
That's what I said, right?


{T4A038}
[Tsugumi]
I... I wanted to die.

Tsugumi gazed at me, narrowing her eyes. She
was quiet.

I gazed back.

I could tell by the look in her eye that she
wasn't joking.


29 :
And because of that, I couldn't forgive her.


30 :
Bam! I slammed my fists on the bed violently.

[Takeshi]
Tsugumi, you stupid little...

[Takeshi]
How dare you say that so lightly!

I looked straight at her and screamed.

[Takeshi]
"When you die, it's game over. You understand 
that, right?"

[Takeshi]
"Have you forgotten about us? What we're 
facing here?"

The situation had reversed to me glaring at Tsugumi.

It wasn't as if she had actually done
something wrong.

But that didn't mean I could forgive her for
saying that.

[Tsugumi]
.........


31 :

{T4A039}
[Tsugumi]
...Hmph.

She snorted.


{T4A040}
[Tsugumi]
You don't understand, Takeshi.


{T4A041}
[Tsugumi]
Life is a nightmare.


{T4A042}
[Tsugumi]
This world is littered with ugliness.

[Takeshi]
Cut your poetic garbage!


32 :
Wham!

Again, I pummeled the bed with my fists.

[Takeshi]
"Life! It's the most important thing in this 
world!"

[Takeshi]
Life is a miracle.


{T4A043}
[Tsugumi]
You're wrong! This is no miracle!


{T4A044}
[Tsugumi]
In this ever-expanding universe...


{T4A045}
[Tsugumi]
"...Continuing infinitely... This phenomenon 
called 'life' is no miracle."


{T4A046}
[Tsugumi]
It's unnatural.


{T4A047}
[Tsugumi]
"And it's an accident that we awoke in this 
disgusting world."

[Takeshi]
Wrong. You are wrong, Tsugumi.

I hesitated for a moment.

[Takeshi]
You are unbelievably wrong.


{T4A048}
[Tsugumi]
Where am I wrong?


{T4A049}
[Tsugumi]
Come on. Tell me where I'm mistaken...

All emotion left her face. She spoke plainly
and precisely.


{T4A050}
[Tsugumi]
Life is just a cluster of empty desires.


{T4A051}
[Tsugumi]
We build our lives on the corpses of others.


{T4A052}
[Tsugumi]
"We kill cows, pigs, birds, fish, and 
plants..."


{T4A053}
[Tsugumi]
...And if we don't, we die.


{T4A054}
[Tsugumi]
"Our appetites are whetted by the slaughtering 
of others."


{T4A055}
[Tsugumi]
"Our desire for sleep only proves our 
indolence."


{T4A056}
[Tsugumi]
"Our sexual desires are expressed through 
obscenity and sin."


{T4A057}
[Tsugumi]
"All the things that keep us alive, the 
things that drive us, are filthy."


{T4A058}
[Tsugumi]
We can't live without them.


{T4A059}
[Tsugumi]
There is no such thing as a life of purity.


{T4A060}
[Tsugumi]
Ultimately...


{T4A061}
[Tsugumi]
"...From the moment we are born, we are 
already corrupted."

[Takeshi]
And that's why you want to die?


{T4A062}
[Tsugumi]
Yes.

I became quiet, contemplating what Tsugumi
just said.

[Takeshi]
...Heh.

That time, it was me laughing.

[Takeshi]
"I thought you were smarter than that... but I 
guess I overrated you."

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
"You do have a point, and I think you are 
partly right."

[Takeshi]
I'll admit it.

[Takeshi]
"In order for us to live, it's true that we 
must commit some atrocities."

[Takeshi]
"Sometimes people do terrible, despicable 
things."

[Takeshi]
But do you really think 'living' is a sin?

[Takeshi]
"Thinking life is a sin is the result of 
arrogant values."

[Takeshi]
"You don't really think it's a crime for a 
bird to snatch fruit from a tree, do you?"

[Takeshi]
Does a tiger feel guilt for eating its prey?

[Takeshi]
"Is it really a terrible thing to join 
together and create new life?"

[Takeshi]
"Everything that is necessary to continue 
living is not only right, I believe it is 
sacred."

[Takeshi]
"The birds, the tigers, the ants, even the 
grass..."

[Takeshi]
"...They all work so hard to live. It's a 
beautiful thing."

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
"And to love the lives of others is just as 
important as loving yourself."

[Takeshi]
You have to realize that, don't you?


33 :

{T4A063}
[Tsugumi]
It's ridiculous.

Tsugumi frowned.

[Takeshi]
Stop pretending to be so cold!

I wanted to kick the bed over, yet I resisted
somehow.

[Takeshi]
Alright, so why did you protect £o¢o?

[Takeshi]
Why did you sacrifice yourself to save £o¢o?

[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
"I don't know exactly what happened back 
there, but I do know that you are avoiding 
the truth."

[Takeshi]
You are desperately trying to deny life.

[Takeshi]
"Everyone's desires are born out of life. You 
only want to believe they're wrong to prove 
your selfish point."

[Takeshi]
"You're holding on obstinately, living while 
all you want to do is die..."

[Takeshi]
Your logic is completely backwards!

[Takeshi]
Life should be unconditionally embraced.

[Takeshi]
Everyone lives for the sake of living.

[Takeshi]
By definition, living beings must have life.

[Takeshi]
If love is beautiful, then so is life.

[Tsugumi]
.........


{T4A064}
[Tsugumi]
You don't understand a thing.

[Takeshi]
Yeah, I don't understand.

[Takeshi]
"We've known each other for what? Just three 
days."

[Takeshi]
I don't know a THING about you...

[Takeshi]
"...But I know for sure that what I'm saying 
is 100% true."

[Takeshi]
So...

[Takeshi]
Don't say that you want to die.


34 :
I wouldn't let her say it.

I bit my lip as I stared at Tsugumi.

I had told Tsugumi exactly how I felt. No
holding back, no regrets.

I didn't want her to say it anymore.

I didn't even want to have to say those things.

She survived for a reason. She shouldn't say
she wanted to throw that away.


35 :
[Tsugumi]
.........


36 :

{T4A065}
[Tsugumi]
...*Sigh*...

Tsugumi let all of the tension slip from her
shoulders. Her eyes suddenly lit up.


{T4A066}
[Tsugumi]
Yeah...


{T4A067}
[Tsugumi]
I get it...

What, had I finally gotten through to her...?
I couldn't help but smile.

A smile appeared on her lips...

She glanced up at me and muttered something...


{T4A068}
[Tsugumi]
I understand perfectly.


37 :

{T4A069}
[Tsugumi]
You... You're a total hypocrite.


38 :

{T4A070}
[Sora]
"Ah, Kuranari-san. What happened? Where is
Komachi-san?"

Sora was waiting just outside the door with a
worried expression on her face.

[Takeshi]
.........

[Takeshi]
She's alive.


39 :

{T4A071}
[Sora]
Really?

[Takeshi]
But she wishes she were dead.


{T4A072}
[Sora]
Ku-Kuranari-san! Did she really tell you that?

[Takeshi]
Yup. It's true.

[Takeshi]
"It's unfortunate, but she didn't get what 
she wanted. Death."


40 :

{T4A073}
[Sora]
But, but... you don't have to...

Sora's voice quivered as she spoke.

[Takeshi]
"You know, I should have never even helped 
saveL"


41 :

{T4A074}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san!


{T4A075}
[Sora]
Please stop this...


42 :

{T4A076}
[Sora]
You should not say... things like that...


43 :

{T4A077}
[Sora]
It is awful. I am so disappointed in you...

[Takeshi]
.........

[Sora]
.........

[Takeshi]
I'm sorry. Now you're upset, Sora.


44 :
[Sora]
.........

[Takeshi]
I'm not myself right now...

[Takeshi]
"I'm heading back to bed, even though I know I 
can't sleep."

I raised my hand weakly and parted with Sora.


45 :
Sora stood by the entrance to the medical
room, frozen, without movement.


46 :
[Takeshi]
I got it!

Turned away from Tsugumi, I blurted out
something.

[Takeshi]
"Well then, Tsugumi, how come you helped 
£o¢o?"

[Takeshi]
"No, better yet, how come you went to repair 
the warehouse?"


47 :
[Tsugumi]
.........

[Takeshi]
You WANTED to die?

[Takeshi]
"Well, then you didn't really have to worry 
about us, now did you?"

[Takeshi]
"You shouldn't have cared at all if we'd all 
died..."

[Takeshi]
Right? Or wrong?

[Tsugumi]
.........

Tsugumi's mouth didn't move, and neither did
the rest of her body. She just lay there.

[Takeshi]
You know, I'm glad I saved you...

[Takeshi]
...But...

[Takeshi]
...I just stopped...

[Takeshi]
...Thinking that saving you was a good idea.

After that, I had nothing more to say.

I rose to my feet and left the room.


48 :

{T4A078}
[Sora]
"Ah, Kuranari-san. What happened? Where is
Komachi-san?"

Again, Sora was waiting for me. She looked
concerned.

[Takeshi]
Oh, her? Yeah, she's fine.

[Takeshi]
She's pretty quiet...

[Takeshi]
"I'm no doctor, but I think she'll be back on 
her feet soon enough."

[Takeshi]
"Besides, she doesn't look like she's dying... 
I think we can all relax."


49 :

{T4A079}
[Sora]
What, uh, um...?

Sora simply blinked at me.

And then her eyes narrowed sadly.


50 :

{T4A080}
[Sora]
Y-you shouldn't talk like that, Kuranari-san.

[Takeshi]
Huh?


{T4A081}
[Sora]
"Komachi-san is very hurt, Kuranari-san. She needs
to rest more than anything, alright?"

[Takeshi]
Ah, uh, was that right?

I had almost forgotten.

No matter how badly she had treated me,
Tsugumi would still be bedridden for months
recovering.

[Takeshi]
"You're right. I'm sorry. That came out a 
little harsh."


51 :

{T4A082}
[Sora]
You had a fight with Komachi-san, didn't you?

Her body stiffened as she asked.

[Takeshi]
No, I wouldn't say that.

[Takeshi]
I was just disappointed with her.


{T4A083}
[Sora]
Disappointed?

[Takeshi]
Yeah...

There was no way I could tell Sora what
Tsugumi had just said to me.

I still couldn't accept that she would say
such a thing.

[Takeshi]
Ah, never mind. Just forget it.

[Takeshi]
"It's just that I guess I'm still upset at 
myself. It was my fault Tsugumi got hurt."

[Takeshi]
"You know, I just don't know what to say...
She can... She can be... Ahh, damn it!"


52 :

{T4A084}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san, please do not worry about it.

Sora smiled softly.


53 :

{T4A085}
[Sora]
"It was no one's fault that Komachi-san got 
injured."


{T4A086}
[Sora]
"The situation here at LeMU is not anyone's 
fault."


{T4A087}
[Sora]
It was you who told me that.


54 :

{T4A088}
[Sora]
Don't worry...


{T4A089}
[Sora]
"Komachi-san's wound will be fine. She just needs 
time to heal."


55 :

{T4A090}
[Sora]
"Kuranari-san, I am not sure what Komachi-san
told you..."


56 :

{T4A091}
[Sora]
"...All I know is that you saved her. And for 
that, I am grateful..."


{T4A092}
[Sora]
"...I am just... so happy... that she was 
saved."

Sora produced a bright smile.

[Takeshi]
"Ahhh... Yeah, I suppose. I suppose I should be 
happy, huh?"

[Takeshi]
Yeah... Hahaha...

I couldn't help but laugh along with her. It
broke the tension.

I embarrassedly scratched the tip of my nose.

[Takeshi]
"You know, Tsugumi was in a really bad 
mood for some reason."

[Takeshi]
Maybe she just didn't want to see my face.

[Takeshi]
Okay, okay... that was probably it.

First she got hurt, then the operation...

She must have been upset about that...

Maybe that was all there was to it.

Even if it wasn't that... I didn't want things to
drag on forever.

I had helped Tsugumi, and she was recovering.
It was as simple as that.

I was happy with that.

And there was Sora, smiling in front of me...

[Takeshi]
Hey, Sora, are you busy right now?


57 :

{T4A093}
[Sora]
What? No, not really, but...


58 :

{T4A094}
[Sora]
"Kuranari-san, are you sure you do not need more 
rest?"

[Takeshi]
"No, I'm fine. I already tried to sleep, but I 
couldn't, which is why I went for a walk."

[Takeshi]
"Let's make our way over to the Dolphin 
Carousel. We can talk."

I turned to her and slowly reached out my open
hand.


{T4A095}
[Sora]
Right!

Sora brought her hand up and placed it on mine.


59 :
And then...


60 :
...We were off, riding the dolphins on the
carousel.

Sora turned on the power to the
carousel and got on before quickly
taking off.

I rode on the dolphin next to her.

The ride pulsated with vibrant colors as it
revolved around the space.

I hadn't ridden a carousel since my childhood,
but I didn't feel strange about it.

In fact, it was fun.

My heart skipped a few beats.

[Takeshi]
Thank you.


{T4A096}
[Sora]
I'm sorry?

[Takeshi]
Thank you, Sora, for your help.


{T4A097}
[Sora]
My help...?

[Takeshi]
Just keep it at thatLthank you.


61 :

{T4A098}
[Sora]
"No, no, I... I should be the one thanking you. 
You have helped me so much."


{T4A099}
[Sora]
"Komachi-san, Tanaka-san, £o¢o-chan, Kid-san... 
I am indebted to everyone."

[Takeshi]
Indebted?


{T4A100}
[Sora]
Lately, I have felt...


{T4A101}
[Sora]
"I feel like I've gained a new 
perspective on human life."


{T4A102}
[Sora]
"Everyone holds their ground. They fight and 
try to figure out ways to survive."


{T4A103}
[Sora]
"In all the time that I have spent here at 
LeMU, I have not ever really been with people."

[Takeshi]
Yeah...


62 :

{T4A104}
[Sora]
It was...


{T4A105}
[Sora]
"...This microcosm, day after day of the same 
scenery. Nothing changed, nothing happened."


{T4A106}
[Sora]
"I did not care what happened to the people 
here."


{T4A107}
[Sora]
"But now, I am grateful I have met with this 
opportunity."


{T4A108}
[Sora]
And I am happy that even at this moment...


{T4A109}
[Sora]
"Despite what happened and this dour 
situation, people are still striving to live."


{T4A110}
[Sora]
"Come on, everybody! Believe in tomorrow 
so you can live today..."

[Takeshi]
Yeah...


63 :

{T4A111}
[Sora]
Oh, I'm sorry.

Sora shrugged, embarrassed.


{T4A112}
[Sora]
"I am always saying things I should not. I 
didn't mean to gush..."


{T4A113}
[Sora]
"I'm sorry. Really. It was really lacking 
refinement... I..."

[Takeshi]
No, no. It's fine.

I laughed it off, waving my hand to show her
it didn't matter.

[Takeshi]
You never saw LeMU when it was empty.

[Takeshi]
"From the time you came to LeMU and started 
working, there have always been people."

[Takeshi]
"It's natural that there were things you 
didn't know, that you had doubts, and made 
mistakes..."


{T4A114}
[Sora]
I suppose you are right...

[Takeshi]
So don't worry about it.


{T4A115}
[Sora]
"It would be great if we could ensure that 
everybody has an escape route, but even the 
communications are still..."

[Takeshi]
"That's alright. I know it's difficult. 
We're not expecting the impossible."

[Takeshi]
"We haven't even found a safe route out of 
here..."

[Takeshi]
"Rather than us looking for an escape route 
haphazardly, I think it would be best to wait 
for help."


{T4A116}
[Sora]
Yes... I think you are right.

Sora let out a soft sigh and smiled.


64 :

{T4A117}
[Sora]
"Tell me, Kuranari-san, after you escape from here, 
what's the first thing you want to do?"

[Takeshi]
Hmmm...

[Takeshi]
"Well, I know that I want to eat something 
other than a kiosk sandwich."

[Takeshi]
"There's a great restaurant close to my 
home."

[Takeshi]
"It's run by a nice old lady. She gets along 
with everybody."

[Takeshi]
"She's got a round face kind of like a 
classic car..."


{T4A118}
[Sora]
A classic car...


{T4A119}
[Sora]
Do you mean like a Beetle?

[Takeshi]
Right, right. Just like that Beetle.

[Takeshi]
"That Aunt Beetle makes a mean bowl of miso 
ramen."

[Takeshi]
I wonder how she's doing right now.


{T4A120}
[Sora]
Hahaha... You are funny.


{T4A121}
[Sora]
"You get out of this place, and the first 
person you want to see is an old woman."

[Takeshi]
Oh? Is that weird?


65 :

{T4A122}
[Sora]
No... Not really.


{T4A123}
[Sora]
"Isn't there a girl waiting for you back 
home?"

66 :
{11:0-ba}
{11:1}Yes

{11:1}No


67 :
[Takeshi]
I guess you could say that...

[Takeshi]
Well, I guess you could say there WAS one...

[Takeshi]
"But being trapped here makes all that seem 
like another time, another place."

[Takeshi]
More like a dream than reality.

[Takeshi]
"My reality here is consumed by how to survive 
this whole mess."


68 :
[Takeshi]
"So yeah... To answer your question, no one is 
waiting for me out there."

[Takeshi]
We broke up a long time ago.

[Takeshi]
"And it was a clean break, if you know what I 
mean."


69 :

{T4A124}
[Sora]
I see. You've been in love before.

[Takeshi]
I wouldn't put it that way.

[Takeshi]
"Hmmm... Well, our relationship wasn't your 
perfect love story..."

[Takeshi]
...But I have been in love.


70 :

{T4A125}
[Sora]
Wow, that's great, Kuranari-san.

Sora smiled slightly.

[Takeshi]
"Hey, stop teasing me. You're making me 
embarrassed."


{T4A126}
[Sora]
But it's really fantastic!

[Takeshi]
.........

I was pretty sure my face was as red as a boiled
crab by then.

And imagining it only made it worse, that was for
sure...


71 :

{T4A127}
[Sora]
Well... I've never been...

[Takeshi]
What?


{T4A128}
[Sora]
I've never...

[Takeshi]
Never what?


{T4A129}
[Sora]
Never had that experience...

[Takeshi]
What experience?

[Sora]
.........


72 :

{T4A130}
[Sora]
What is love?

Sora suddenly put on a serious face.


{T4A131}
[Sora]
I want to know...


{T4A132}
[Sora]
What... is love?


{T4A133}
[Sora]
"Tell me its how, its method, its meaning, its 
purpose..."


{T4A134}
[Sora]
Why do you love?


{T4A135}
[Sora]
How does one go about loving?

Sora was firing off one question after
another...

And they didn't seem to me like easy questions
to answer.


{T4A136}
[Sora]
Kuranari-san, you are someone who has loved.

Oh, it was coming...


{T4A137}
[Sora]
What is love...?


{T4A138}
[Sora]
Can you explain it and help me understand it?

73 :
{11:0-bc}
{11:1}I can explain it

{11:1}I can't explain it


74 :
[Takeshi]
Alright, here comes an explanation!

I agreed to give explaining it a shot.

[Takeshi]
Okay! Love is when someone gets hookedL


75 :

{T4A139}
[Sora]
"You'd better not be preparing a punch line 
about fish..."

[Takeshi]
What!? Am I that transparent!?


{T4A140}
[Sora]
"I only want an answer to the question, not a 
predictable joke."

[Takeshi]
You're pretty hard to please... Hmmm...

I took a deep breath.

[Takeshi]
Let's try this again!

[Takeshi]
Okay! Love is like a box of dark chocolatesL


{T4A141}
[Sora]
I thought I said 'no jokes'...

[Takeshi]
What!? You got me the second time too!?

[Takeshi]
Artificial intelligence, how impressive!


{T4A142}
[Sora]
"I only want an answer to the question, not a 
predictable joke."

[Takeshi]
Alright, get ready...

[Takeshi]
Okay! Love can be kind of intenseL


76 :

{T4A143}
[Sora]
Because it happens with 'intent'?

[Takeshi]
.........

[Takeshi]
Yes, that's right.


{T4A144}
[Sora]
'Intent' as in actively pursuing it, correct?

[Takeshi]
.........


77 :

{T4A145}
[Sora]
Hmmm...


{T4A146}
[Sora]
"I do not have anything more than that 
in my database."


78 :

{T4A147}
[Sora]
"Kuranari-san, can you please answer my original 
question?"

[Takeshi]
"Okay. There's one more meaning for love. Give 
me a second to explain it."

[Takeshi]
Think, think, think, think...

[Takeshi]
Can you give me a minute to think?


{T4A148}
[Sora]
Yes. One minute.

I took a deep breath.

My heart was pounding.


79 :

{T4A149}
[Sora]
One minute has expired.

[Takeshi]
What? Already!?

[Takeshi]
Sorry, gimme five more minutes.

[Takeshi]
"No, no. I need ten minutes. Please? No, no. I 
need more time. Much more time!"

There was just no simple way to explain it to
her.


80 :

{T4A150}
[Sora]
Really...? Fine then.

Sora waited impatiently.


81 :
[Takeshi]
Ummmm... Let's see...


{T4A151}
[Sora]
Yes?

I tried to buy myself time by lengthening
sounds, as if I had an answer on the tip of my
tongue.

[Takeshi]
Uhhhhhhhhh...

Love.

What was love?

I've never really thought that seriously about
it.

Wasn't there some other way I could describe
it?


82 :
[Takeshi]
Uhhhhhhhhh...

No, I had to think!

I had to think about it!

What was love!?

[Takeshi]
Uhhhhhhhhh...

How could I explain love to someone who had
never experienced it?

Love...

What is love...?


83 :
[Takeshi]
Uhhhhhhhhh...

[Takeshi]
Uhhhhhhhhh... uh, uh, uh...

Damn.

I was running out of air...

[Takeshi]
Wellllllll...

I gave up.

No more air left.

[Takeshi]
*Pant*... *pant*...


84 :

{T4A152}
[Sora]
?

My brain couldn't work properly with such
little oxygen.

[Takeshi]
*Pant*... *pant*...


{T4A153}
[Sora]
What's the matter, Kuranari-san?

For no reason, my heart started beating wildly
again.


85 :

{T4A154}
[Sora]
"Don't try too hard, Kuranari-san. You're falling 
apart."

Sora stood up straight.


86 :

{T4A155}
[Sora]
"Alright. I will try to answer my own 
question."


{T4A156}
[Sora]
Let me express my notion of 'love'.

Sora began to speak.


{T4A157}
[Sora]
Let us imagine a flower...


{T4A158}
[Sora]
...Can a flower love?


{T4A159}
[Sora]
It seems to me it cannot.


{T4A160}
[Sora]
"At least from the perspective of human 
beings, flowers don't act in any way that can 
be viewed as love."


{T4A161}
[Sora]
What about animals? Do they love?


{T4A162}
[Sora]
They may love, they may not.


{T4A163}
[Sora]
"Some animals seem to act out of love. We have 
observed this to an extent."


{T4A164}
[Sora]
"But perhaps animals do not understand the 
true meaning of love."


{T4A165}
[Sora]
"It's unclear whether it is the same as the 
human definition of love."


{T4A166}
[Sora]
Do humans love?


{T4A167}
[Sora]
Yes, I believe so.


{T4A168}
[Sora]
Love is...


{T4A169}
[Sora]
"Love is one of those mysterious things that 
people are programmed to do."


{T4A170}
[Sora]
One of its functions is reproduction...


{T4A171}
[Sora]
"...But that appears to be a function 
independent of love."

[Takeshi]
Stop!

But Sora continued to speak, so I cupped my
hand over her mouth.


{T4A172}
[Sora]
...?

I put my hand over her mouth, but I couldn't
feel her lips.


87 :
[Takeshi]
Hey, hey! Hold up. Slow down!

I couldn't tell if her lips were warm or not.

[Sora]
.........

It somehow felt as if something were there,
but then again, maybe it was my imagination.

I felt, trying to see if there was some sort
of warm feeling.

[Takeshi]
Let's see... Let me tell you what I think.

[Takeshi]
Why does a rose bloom?

[Takeshi]
Why does a canary sing?

[Sora]
.........

Sora just stood there, blinking at me.

Her eyes were fixed on me.

[Takeshi]
Love is not rational.

[Takeshi]
"It's not something you try to explain through 
logic."

[Takeshi]
"It's something that is planted in the depths 
of your heart and steadily blossoms into 
something beautiful."

[Takeshi]
"If something goes wrong, the flower might 
wilt and die."

[Takeshi]
"But if the love is true, it may bear amazing 
fruit."

[Takeshi]
"There is no rhyme nor reason to the process 
of love."

[Takeshi]
"Even if you do find reason in it, love isn't 
an emotion that you can control easily."

[Takeshi]
"Love is something that visits like 
wakefulness after a slumber."

[Takeshi]
"Just as we awaken in the morning to begin our 
day..."

[Takeshi]
"...We are put on this earth for the purpose 
of love."

[Takeshi]
To live is to love.

[Takeshi]
"To ask what is the meaning of love is to ask 
what is the meaning of life."

I slowly removed my hand from her lips.

My hand was slightly sweaty and warm.


88 :
[Takeshi]
Sora, what do you think of my explanation?

[Takeshi]
"I might have borrowed bits and pieces from 
elsewhere, but I don't think it's all wrong."

[Takeshi]
No... Actually, I believe it's right.

[Takeshi]
Did you understand what I said, Sora?

Sora nodded silently.


89 :

{T4A173}
[Sora]
Roses are born to blossom.


{T4A174}
[Sora]
Canaries are born to sing.


{T4A175}
[Sora]
Humans are born to love.


{T4A176}
[Sora]
I think that is a beautiful way of thinking.

A smile appeared on her lips.


{T4A177}
[Sora]
"However, even if a rose is born to bloom, I 
don't believe that a rose knows this."


{T4A178}
[Sora]
"And I don't believe a canary believes its 
purpose to sing."


90 :

{T4A179}
[Sora]
"But from the eyes of a human, it might appear 
that the only purpose of a rose is to blossom."


{T4A180}
[Sora]
"Similarly, from the eyes of a human, it might 
appear that the only purpose of a canary is to 
sing."


91 :

{T4A181}
[Sora]
"It would appear that humans are probably the 
same."


{T4A182}
[Sora]
"I imagine that many people don't believe that 
they are living for the purpose of loving."


{T4A183}
[Sora]
But from my perspective...


{T4A184}
[Sora]
"...I believe they are mistaken. It would seem 
to me that people only live to love."


{T4A185}
[Sora]
It could be that is how things are.

The movements of the dolphins gradually began
to slow.

The music faded to a stop as the Dolphin
Carousel continued to slow.


92 :
[Takeshi]
Oh? Is this it...?

I dismounted the dolphin and stood on the
carousel.

[Takeshi]
"I wish we could've ridden just a little bit 
longer..."

[Takeshi]
"But that was fun. Let's come ride these 
dolphins again sometime."

[Takeshi]
"That was a pretty deep conversation we just 
had... Sora?"

[Sora]
.........

Sora was still riding her dolphin, not moving.

[Takeshi]
What's wrong, Sora?


93 :
[Sora]
.........

Sora looked up absently.


94 :
But there was nothing in the air where she was
looking.

Only the sprawling, dome-like ceiling of the
Dolphin Carousel, extending in all directions.

[Takeshi]
Sora...?


{T4A186}
[Sora]
Hey, Kuranari-san...

Sora was looking up into the empty sky.


{T4A187}
[Sora]
Why was I created?


{T4A188}
[Sora]
What is the purpose of my being alive?

With the music stopped, the room was quiet.

Different colored lights played off of the
carousel.

The light reflected a hint of sadness off of
Sora's face.

[Takeshi]
.........


95 :

{T4A189}
[Sora]
I was just...


{T4A190}
[Sora]
...Curious about it.


96 :
Sora laughed as if nothing had happened, got
off her dolphin, and came up next to me.

I didn't know what to say.

What was her purpose?

At that point, I just couldn't find an answer
to that question.

All I could do was turn my back to the
dolphins and head toward the dark exit.

As I did, I looked skyward.

Looking for a 'sky' that wasn't there.





















































































































































